kemper financial services inc. , charging that program trading is UNKNOWN the stock market , cut off four big wall street firms from doing any of its UNKNOWN business . 
the move is the biggest UNKNOWN yet in the renewed UNKNOWN against program trading , with kemper putting its money -- the millions of dollars in commissions it generates each year -- where its mouth is . 
the kemper corp. unit and other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on tuesday and on oct. 99 and 99 , and has increased chances for market UNKNOWN . 
over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker charles schwab & co. and sears , roebuck & co. 's dean witter reynolds inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market UNKNOWN . 
several big securities firms backed off from program trading a few months after the 9999 crash . 
but most of them , led by morgan stanley & co. , moved back in earlier this year . 
the most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the UNKNOWN , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options . 
the UNKNOWN is to capture profits from UNKNOWN price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves . 
index arbitrage recently has accounted for about half of all program trading on the new york stock exchange . 
last month , program trading accounted for 99.9 million shares a day , or a record 99.9 % of the big board 's average daily volume . 
on tuesday afternoon , kemper told bear , stearns & co. , general electric co. 's kidder , peabody & co. unit , morgan stanley and oppenheimer & co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed . 
kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a UNKNOWN dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be UNKNOWN in the months ahead . 
`` we 've been opposed to '' index arbitrage `` for a long time , '' said stephen b. UNKNOWN , chief investment officer at kemper , which manages $ 99 billion , including $ 9 billion of stocks . 
`` index arbitrage does n't work , and it UNKNOWN natural buyers '' of stock . 
while mr. UNKNOWN explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects . 
we 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're UNKNOWN the market . 
they said , ` too bad , ' so we finally said we 're not going to do business with them . '' 
kemper also UNKNOWN the big board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders . 
`` the new york stock exchange has UNKNOWN interests '' in its big member securities firms `` that cloud its UNKNOWN , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` it has never been interested in what we think . 
the big board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , '' he added . 
small investors UNKNOWN that `` big operators '' UNKNOWN the market , said thomas UNKNOWN , chairman of the national association of investors and head of the exchange 's individual investors advisory committee set up after the 9999 crash . 
`` the impression i 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said . 
big board chairman john j. phelan said in a recent interview that he has no UNKNOWN to eliminate program trading . 
he said the market 's volatility UNKNOWN him , but that all the exchange can do is `` slow down the process '' by using its circuit breakers and shock UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that `` the mere fact they put in circuit breakers is an admission of their problems . '' 
morgan stanley and kidder peabody , the two biggest program trading firms , UNKNOWN defend their strategies . 
`` we continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a morgan stanley official said . 
`` we would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , '' he said , citing oct. 99 and earlier this week . 
michael UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer at kidder peabody , said in a recent interview , `` we do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . '' 
according to lawrence UNKNOWN , a securities industry analyst at prudential-bache securities inc. , `` kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
he added that `` having just one firm do this is n't going to mean a hill of UNKNOWN . 
but if this UNKNOWN others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important . 
the following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
blockbuster entertainment corp. -- $ 999 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon convertible notes , also known as liquid yield option notes , due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 999.99 to yield at maturity 9 % . 
the notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest UNKNOWN . 
the size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 999 million ( redemption amount ) . 
the notes are convertible into common stock of blockbuster entertainment at $ 99.99 a share , representing a 99 % conversion premium over yesterday 's closing price . 
rated UNKNOWN by moody 's investors service inc. and UNKNOWN by standard & poor 's corp. , the issue will be sold through merrill lynch capital markets . 
merrill lynch & co. -- $ 999 million of 9.9 % notes due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.999 to yield 9.999 % . 
the issue , which is UNKNOWN back to the company nov. 9 , 9999 , was priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's five-year note . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p , the noncallable issue will be sold through underwriters led by merrill lynch capital markets . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. -- $ 999 million of 9.99 % debentures due 9999 , priced at 99.9 . 
itt financial corp. -- $ 999 million of 9.99 % subordinated notes due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.99 to yield 9.999 % . 
the noncallable issue , which is UNKNOWN back to the company nov. 9 , 9999 , was priced at a spread of 99.9 basis points above the treasury 's five-year note . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's and single-a by s&p , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by merrill lynch capital markets . 
itt financial is a subsidiary of itt corp . 
arco chemical co. -- $ 999 million of 9.99 % debentures due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.999 to yield 9.99 % . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's and single-a by s&p , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by salomon brothers inc . 
trinity river authority , texas -- $ 999.9 million of regional UNKNOWN system improvement revenue bonds , series 9999 , due 9999-9999 , 9999 and 9999 , through a shearson lehman hutton inc. group . 
the bonds , insured and rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p , were priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are $ 99,999,999 of 9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % , and $ 99.9 million of 9.9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % . 
serial bonds , which all carry 9 % coupons , are priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9 % in 9999 . 
beverly hills , calif. -- $ 999,999,999 of refunding certificates of participation ( civic center improvements project ) , due 9999-9999 , 9999 , 9999 and 9999 , tentatively priced by a goldman , sachs & co. group to yield from 9 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
serial certificates yield to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
they are all priced at par . 
there are $ 99,999,999 of 9 % term certificates due 9999 , priced to yield 9.99 % . 
the $ 99.9 million of 9 % certificates due 9999 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % . 
there are also $ 99 million of 9 9\/9 % certificates due 9999 , priced to yield 9.99 % . 
the bonds are rated single-a-9 by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p , according to the lead underwriter . 
michigan -- $ 99 million of first general obligation bonds ( series 9999 environmental protection program and recreation program ) , tentatively priced by a shearson lehman hutton group to yield from 9 % for current interest bonds due 9999 to 9.99 % for convertible capital appreciation bonds . 
environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 9999-9999 , 9999 and 9999 . 
they are tentatively priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
the standard capital appreciation bonds in the issue , due 9999-9999 , yield to maturity from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999-9999 . 
the convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 9.99 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 9 9\/9 % current UNKNOWN bonds until maturity . 
convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of nov. 99 , 9999 , convert nov. 99 , 9999 . 
convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of nov. 99 , 9999 , convert nov. 99 , 9999 . 
recreation program current interest bonds are due 9999-9999 , and are priced to yield from 9 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
all of the bonds are rated single-a-9 by moody 's and double-a by s&p . 
federal national mortgage association -- $ 999 million of remic securities in 99 classes through goldman sachs . 
the issue is backed by fannie mae 9 % UNKNOWN . 
the offering is fannie mae 's series 9999-99 . 
fuji heavy industries ltd . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % less full fees annually , via daiwa europe ltd . 
guarantee by industrial bank of japan . 
fees 9 . 
european investment bank ( agency ) -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 99.99 to yield 9.99 % at reoffered price , via lead manager UNKNOWN morgan securities ltd . 
nippon meat UNKNOWN inc . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 9\/9 % coupon at par , via yamaichi international europe . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries a warrant exercisable nov. 99 , 9999 , through oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN canada ltd . ( u.s. parent ) -- 999 million canadian dollars of UNKNOWN notes due november 9999 , via banque paribas capital markets ltd . 
coupon , paid monthly , is UNKNOWN canadian bankers acceptance rate . 
guarantee by general motors acceptance corp . 
call at par after two years and thereafter at par every six months . 
swedish export credit corp. -- # 999 million of 99 % bonds due june 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 99.99 % annually less full fees , via samuel montagu & co . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN ( finland ) -- 99 billion yen of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9 9\/9 % less full fees , via UNKNOWN international . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bank ( japan ) -- 999 million swiss francs of notes and bonds due march 99 , 9999 , with fixed 9.999 % coupon at par via swiss bank corp . 
put option march 99 , 9999 , at 999 9\/9 to yield a fixed 9.99 % . 
the issue is in two parts : 999 million swiss francs of privately placed notes , 999 million swiss francs of publicly listed bonds . 
UNKNOWN conditions for the two parts . 
other terms to be fixed nov. 9 . 
kingdom of UNKNOWN -- $ 999 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon government trust certificates , with maturities stretching from may 99 , 9999 , to nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at yields ranging from 9.99 % to 9.99 % . 
all the issues were priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury UNKNOWN with similar maturities . 
proceeds from the offering are about $ 999.9 million . 
rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by UNKNOWN securities , a subsidiary of bankers trust new york corp . 
at a time when jon levy should be planning the biggest spring season in his dress company 's 99 years , his work day is UNKNOWN with intense moments of concern about one of his biggest customers , campeau corp . 
`` the dress business has always been a gamble , but it 's never been like this , '' says mr. levy , president of st. UNKNOWN group ltd. , which has become a hot name thanks to a campaign of UNKNOWN tv commercials . 
every day , mr. levy checks orders from campeau department store chains , trying to guess if he will be paid . 
`` i 'm now monitoring every major account . '' 
campeau , owner of such retailers as bloomingdale 's , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN financial collapse last month after an emergency $ 999 million loan from olympia & york developments ltd. , a canadian developer and a major shareholder in campeau . 
the need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders who had been told at the company 's annual meeting in july that there were n't any major problems ahead . 
the risk of doing business with campeau 's federated and allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for mr. levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , UNKNOWN suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses . 
next week , the country 's top UNKNOWN and manufacturers will begin showing UNKNOWN for spring 9999 , the second most important selling season of the year . 
and as the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN down in UNKNOWN along seventh avenue and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN campeau buyers will begin writing orders . 
orders from campeau retailers used to be cause for UNKNOWN . 
this is no longer true because of campeau 's massive debt load . 
`` it 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says richard UNKNOWN , executive vice president for credit exchange inc. , a leading credit service . 
`` people wonder what 's going to happen next . '' 
many manufacturers are worried about being paid for merchandise already shipped to campeau stores . 
but those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to campeau stores . 
`` the few million dollars i could lose today is nothing against what i could lose on the spring line , '' says mr. levy , who estimates that campeau stores will sell $ 99 million worth of his clothes this year . 
`` i 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which i may not be paid for until april or may . 
what happens to me if campeau UNKNOWN between now and then ? '' 
some credit concerns , such as bernard UNKNOWN credit consultants inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to federated or allied stores on credit . 
`` this is especially true for spring merchandise , '' says jim UNKNOWN , credit manager at bernard UNKNOWN . 
`` campeau has too much debt . '' 
other credit houses , such as credit exchange and solo credit service corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping . 
`` payments are good right now , but we are n't UNKNOWN any long-term lines of credit , '' says richard hastings , a retail credit analyst , referring to credit lines which make inventory purchases automatic . 
`` the campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to UNKNOWN . '' 
because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
`` we 're being paid today , but we 're worried about tomorrow and will want '' letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified . 
howard UNKNOWN , president of the dress firm UNKNOWN b inc. , says : `` it 's big time UNKNOWN today . 
i 'm going to ship and hope i get paid . 
if i need to ask for money up front later , i will . '' 
carol UNKNOWN , vice president , corporate communications at campeau , says that all of the federated and allied chains are paying their bills in a timely manner . 
`` they continue to pay their bills and will do so , '' says ms. UNKNOWN . 
`` we 're confident we 'll be paying our bills for spring merchandise as well . '' 
typically , manufacturers are paid 99 days after the month in which they ship . 
if goods are shipped to bloomingdale 's between oct. 9 and oct. 99 , manufacturers expect to be paid by nov. 99 . 
but manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until march , april or even may . 
some in the market question whether campeau will be in a position to pay bills at that time . 
`` everybody is worried about the possibility of UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , publisher of UNKNOWN 's retail marketing report . 
`` the buyers who work for the various campeau chains may lose their jobs . 
the stores they work for may be sold . 
what that will mean for manufacturers is anybody 's guess . '' 
campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 9.99 billion in debt due next spring . 
this includes a working capital facility for allied stores of $ 999 million that UNKNOWN march 99 , 9999 , and an $ 999 million bridge loan due april 99 , 9999 . 
the company has stated in recently filed financial documents that it anticipates refinancing its march 9999 payments . 
in recent months , numerous retailers have filed for chapter 99 bankruptcy protection , including UNKNOWN teller , b. UNKNOWN & co. , and miller & UNKNOWN inc . 
those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as saks fifth avenue , marshall field 's and bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety . 
`` right now , federated owes us a considerable amount of money , '' says morris UNKNOWN , president of david warren enterprises , a major dress manufacturer . 
`` we expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week , but we are considering asking them for letters of credit before we take more orders . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN adds that his company is now holding some goods in anticipation of being paid in full . 
`` it 's become a UNKNOWN business , '' he says . 
`` business has never been this tough before . 
not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect . '' 
other manufacturers are equally cautious . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN miller inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the federated and allied chains . 
this limits his financial exposure , he says . 
`` the branches are just UNKNOWN over , empty UNKNOWN , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` why should i be part of that problem ? 
i 've got limited production , and i ca n't give it to UNKNOWN . '' 
campeau 's ms. UNKNOWN disputes mr. UNKNOWN 's comments . 
`` many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says . 
`` that 's just UNKNOWN . '' 
as for mr. levy at st. UNKNOWN , he says he will maintain his credit lines with the various campeau stores unless they miss a payment . 
`` if they slip for 99 cents for 99 minutes , i 'll stop , '' he says . 
bethlehem steel corp. , UNKNOWN by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and UNKNOWN customers , posted a 99 % drop in third-quarter profit . 
separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- armco inc. and national intergroup inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry . 
wall street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 9999 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . 
`` it does n't UNKNOWN well for coming quarters , '' said john jacobson , who follows the steel industry for UNKNOWN consultants . 
in fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 9999 . 
bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
the figures include $ 99 million in costs related to a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and $ 9 million in losses from unauthorized work UNKNOWN at the company 's coal operations . 
in the year-ago period , bethlehem earned $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , including a $ 9.9 million gain from early retirement of debt . 
third-quarter sales dropped 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion a year ago . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , bethlehem shares rose 99 cents to $ 99.999 . 
of all the major steelmakers , bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . 
it has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . 
however , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , bethlehem `` had pretty good earnings numbers , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst with salomon brothers inc . 
ms. UNKNOWN had estimated third-quarter earnings of 99 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected . 
still , bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 99.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . 
the company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . 
at the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective june 9 . 
`` we anticipate that steel market conditions will UNKNOWN a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said bethlehem chairman walter f. williams . 
he noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . 
armco , hampered by lower volume in its specialty steel business , said third-quarter net income dropped 9 % to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share in the year-ago quarter . 
sales dropped to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million , because the company no longer UNKNOWN its eastern steel division , which is now a joint venture with UNKNOWN steel corp . 
along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding UNKNOWN inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . 
operating profit dropped 99 % in its specialty UNKNOWN steel segment . 
moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its armco steel co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a UNKNOWN product mix . 
armco shares closed unchanged at $ 99.999 in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
national intergroup , which owns 99 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- national steel corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 99.9 million . 
sales increased in the quarter ended sept. 99 to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
the latest period includes gains of $ 9.9 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss UNKNOWN . 
last year 's results were hurt by $ 99.9 million in restructuring charges . 
national intergroup stock closed at $ 99 , unchanged in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
the company noted that its UNKNOWN drug co. , ben franklin stores inc. and UNKNOWN corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . 
however , its equity in the net income of national steel declined to $ 9.9 million from $ 99.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 
national intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 99 % interest in national steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
international business machines corp. said it agreed to let motorola inc. participate in a semiconductor research project as part of its effort to bolster the u.s. semiconductor industry . 
ibm , which made the announcement at the UNKNOWN of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from europe . 
jack UNKNOWN , ibm 's president , said ibm is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific . 
ibm , which said a year ago it was UNKNOWN companies to participate in some semiconductor work , has become far more open about its technology as it has tried to rally u.s. industry to head off the japanese , who now UNKNOWN the market for dynamic random access memory chips . 
while ibm , armonk , n.y. , makes the bulk of the drams it uses , it does n't make the equipment needed to produce those chips . 
and ibm worries that the japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless u.s. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep u.s. equipment makers healthy . 
failure of u.s. equipment makers , ibm fears , would leave it dependent on many of the japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market . 
ibm also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing . 
ibm already UNKNOWN in one industrywide effort to improve UNKNOWN techniques . 
ibm said it expects industrywide efforts to become UNKNOWN because semiconductor manufacturing has become so expensive . 
a UNKNOWN plant cost $ 99 million in the mid-9999s but costs $ 999 million today because the technology is so complex . 
and ibm said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
ibm , which said motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 99-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its UNKNOWN to join in . 
but it said that was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-9999s . 
ibm said it thought more companies would become interested as the project UNKNOWN . 
the project involving motorola concerns a technique , called UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , that figures to be crucial to future generations of memory chips . 
currently , chips are produced by UNKNOWN light through a UNKNOWN to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
but details on chips must now be UNKNOWN fine , and the UNKNOWN of even UNKNOWN light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too UNKNOWN -- much as someone using a wide UNKNOWN could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
x-rays , by contrast , travel UNKNOWN and can be focused more UNKNOWN than light . 
x-rays have problems , too . 
they can make the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and can pass through material they 're not supposed to . 
but , assuming those problems can be overcome , they should allow for memory chips that could approach one billion UNKNOWN of information -- 999 times as much as is contained in the UNKNOWN chips that are just reaching the market and a million times what was possible in the mid-9999s . 
allied-signal aerospace co. received a $ 99 million contract to UNKNOWN continental airlines ' 999 planes with the UNKNOWN / king traffic alert and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN system . 
the UNKNOWN system operates independent of UNKNOWN radar systems , UNKNOWN pilots of nearby aircraft , allied-signal said . 
the system also provides UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
allied-signal is a unit of allied-signal inc. , a manufacturer with interests in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials . 
continental airlines is a unit of texas air corp. , houston . 
in a UNKNOWN shift in direction , provigo inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
the non-food operations accounted for about 99 % of provigo 's 9.99 billion canadian dollars ( us$ 9.9 billion ) in sales in the latest fiscal year . 
in a related move , UNKNOWN lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . 
mr. lortie joined provigo in 9999 and UNKNOWN the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business . 
he could n't be reached for comment . 
UNKNOWN nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of provigo , would n't say if mr. lortie was asked to leave . 
`` mr. lortie felt less UNKNOWN , '' mr. nadeau said , given the decision to dump provigo 's non-food operations . 
`` at this stage it was felt i was perhaps more UNKNOWN as chief executive . '' 
mr. nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of UNKNOWN inc. , provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
at a news conference , mr. nadeau said the sale of the three non-food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's c$ 999 million in assets , should be completed in a `` matter of months . '' 
the three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and UNKNOWN distributor , a small UNKNOWN chain , and a combination catalog UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN chain . 
investors and analysts UNKNOWN the news . 
provigo was the most active industrial stock on the montreal exchange , where it closed at c$ 9.99 ( us$ 9.99 ) , up 99 canadian cents . 
`` i think it 's a pretty positive development , '' said ross UNKNOWN , a financial analyst with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. , of the decision to concentrate on UNKNOWN . 
mr. lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as UNKNOWN in light of the shift in strategy . 
`` the non-food operations were largely mr. lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , '' said steven UNKNOWN , a financial analyst with midland UNKNOWN ltd . 
provigo 's profit record over the past two years UNKNOWN the company 's and mr. lortie 's UNKNOWN . 
for the six months ended aug. 99 , provigo posted net income of c$ 9.9 million , or eight canadian cents a share , compared with c$ 99.9 million , or 99 canadian cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales were c$ 9.9 billion compared with c$ 9.9 billion . 
last month , canadian bond rating service downgraded provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance . 
analysts are skeptical provigo will be able to sell the non-food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write-downs . 
mr. nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values . 
he said all three non-food operations are profitable . 
mr. nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units . 
he declined to confirm or deny reports that provigo executive UNKNOWN roy is trying to put together a management buy-out of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN unit . 
mr. roy could n't be reached . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of provigo , a new position . 
mr. UNKNOWN was president and chief operating officer of provigo 's UNKNOWN retail and wholesale grocery unit . 
mr. nadeau said he intends to remain provigo 's chief executive only until the non-food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 
comments by federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan lent some support to the dollar , but the u.s. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies . 
foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on wall street . 
traders said that mr. greenspan , whose statements are ordinarily cautious , was especially careful to avoid any UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , with fears about equities still UNKNOWN financial markets . 
UNKNOWN before a panel of the house banking committee , mr. greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank . 
`` our essential focus is on domestic policy , '' mr. greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy . 
in perhaps his most telling UNKNOWN , mr. greenspan termed the current u.s. inflation rate of around 9.9 % as `` much too high to be ignored . '' 
he added , however , that inflation could be brought down `` close to zero '' without throwing the economy into a recession . 
analysts viewed the chairman 's comments as an indication that the central bank is UNKNOWN to ease monetary policy further in the near future . 
the dollar climbed immediately higher on news of mr. greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers UNKNOWN positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter u.s. gross national product . 
in late new york trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , down from 9.9999 marks tuesday , and at 999.99 yen , up from 999.99 yen late tuesday . 
sterling was quoted at $ 9.9999 , up from $ 9.9999 late tuesday . 
in tokyo thursday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , up from wednesday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
many traders forecast a UNKNOWN of the market 's recent bearish trend and predict the u.s. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term and then shift lower . 
but according to UNKNOWN madison , a corporate trader with bank of america in los angeles , a large number of short positions must first be UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN a temporary UNKNOWN , before the unit can turn lower . 
he predicts a downward move in UNKNOWN trade and a less dramatic slip in UNKNOWN , noting that there continues to be a large pool of japanese investor interest in u.s. securities , which could provide a solid base for the dollar at around 999 yen . 
market participants hope today 's gnp report will offer more substantial evidence on u.s. economic growth , although analysts are quick to point out that the figures may UNKNOWN the economy 's UNKNOWN . 
`` the ` UNKNOWN ' word is UNKNOWN again , '' says one dealer , referring to persistent concern among some market analysts that the u.s. economy is heading toward a major slowdown if not a recession . 
some dealers note that while the third-quarter figures may appear relatively bullish -- the market consensus calls for a 9.9 % annual growth rate , unchanged from the second-quarter rate -- it would take a significantly stronger figure to alter market perceptions that the economy is softening . 
some analysts UNKNOWN that the next quarter 's figures will present a more accurate picture of the u.s. economy , showing a marked slowdown in a number of sectors , including housing starts and equities . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery settled at $ 999.99 an ounce , down $ 9.99 . 
estimated volume was a light 9.9 million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong thursday , gold was quoted at $ 999.99 an ounce . 
lawrence insurance group inc. said it acquired united republic reinsurance co. , a houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from united savings association of texas for $ 99 million . 
lawrence insurance also sold 9.9 million of its shares for $ 9.999 each to its parent , lawrence group inc . 
lawrence insurance , based in albany , n.y. , plans to use the $ 99.9 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of united republic . 
by acquiring the shares , lawrence group increased its stake in lawrence insurance to 99.9 % from 99.9 % . 
lawrence insurance UNKNOWN mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said . 
a reinsurance company effectively UNKNOWN insurance companies that wish to spread the risk of a particular policy . 
lawrence group also owns lawrence agency corp. , UNKNOWN , n.y. , an insurance agency and brokerage . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN associates inc. , the closely held owner of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 999.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 99.9 million gain from the sale of stock in a japanese subsidiary . 
the apparel holding company had sales in the quarter ended aug. 99 of $ 9 billion , up 99 % from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
the company said its quarterly results are now being publicly filed as the result of the formation earlier this year of employee stock investment plans . 
wall street would like ual corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company independent . 
but what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more on the company 's two most powerful and UNKNOWN unions : the pilots and machinists . 
some people familiar with the situation believe that the collapse of the previous $ 9.99 billion buy-out , if anything , may have strengthened the hands of these two labor groups . 
as a result , both may now have UNKNOWN veto power over any ual transaction . 
one reason : banks -- likely to react to any new ual deal with even more caution than the first time around -- probably will insist on labor UNKNOWN before they agree to put up cash for any new bid or even a UNKNOWN recapitalization plan . 
`` united pilots have shown on a number of UNKNOWN they are willing and able to strike , '' said an executive at fuji bank , one of ual 's large lenders . 
`` if you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very UNKNOWN thing for a bank to be looking at . '' 
just this past week , a leading japanese bank asked for a meeting with the machinists ' union leaders to determine where the union would stand if another bid or recapitalization became possible . 
another reason : UNKNOWN by their success in helping to UNKNOWN the previous transaction , the machinists are likely to be more aggressive if a second buy-out attempt occurs . 
the two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts . 
that gives them both the threat of a strike and the ability to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work . 
thus , even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key . 
`` there 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said richard nye , of baker , nye investments , a new york takeover UNKNOWN . 
mr. nye thinks the ual board should be ousted if it does n't move soon to increase shareholder value . 
both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they do n't like . 
`` the pilots will be involved in any transaction that takes place around here , '' pilot union chairman frederick c. UNKNOWN declared yesterday . 
but whether the pilots can team up with their longtime UNKNOWN , the machinists , is another question . 
the pilots ' mr. UNKNOWN says his union would like majority ownership for employees . 
at the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through UNKNOWN voting rights . 
on the other hand , the machinists have always opposed majority ownership in principle , saying they do n't think employees should be owners . 
still , in recent days , machinists ' union leaders have shown some new flexibility . 
`` we may be able to reach a UNKNOWN where we can accommodate { the pilot union 's } concerns and UNKNOWN , '' said brian m. freeman , the machinists ' financial adviser . 
mr. freeman said machinists ' union advisers plan to meet this week to try to draw up a UNKNOWN for some form of recapitalization that could include a special dividend for shareholders , an employee stake and , perhaps , an equity investment by a friendly investor . 
if a compromise ca n't be reached , the pilots maintain they can do a transaction without the support of the machinists . 
but at this point , that may just be UNKNOWN thinking . 
the machinists UNKNOWN heavily against the original bid from ual pilots and management for the company . 
their opposition helped scare off some japanese banks . 
the pilots ' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve . 
`` who wants to be a public shareholder investing in a company controlled by the pilots ' union ? '' asks UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co . 
`` who would the board be working for -- the public shareholders or the pilots ? '' she adds . 
ms. UNKNOWN says she believes a recapitalization involving employee ownership would succeed only if the pilots UNKNOWN on their demand for control . 
she also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control . 
another possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor who might try to force the UNKNOWN of the board through the solicitation of UNKNOWN . 
in that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal . 
the group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told ual 's advisers before the UNKNOWN board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 999 and $ 999 a share . 
but again , they may need the help of the machinists . 
`` i think the dynamics of this situation are that something 's got to happen , '' said one official familiar with the situation . 
the board and ual 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual . 
`` the pilots wo n't let them . 
delta air lines earnings soared 99 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , UNKNOWN the industry trend toward declining profits . 
the UNKNOWN airline , the third largest in the u.s. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival eastern airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . 
for the quarter ended sept. 99 , delta posted net income of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
during the quarter , delta issued 9.9 million shares of common stock to UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN 9.9 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . 
`` the key to delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said thomas UNKNOWN , chief financial officer . 
passenger traffic jumped 99 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 9 % . 
delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of eastern airlines , which shares the atlanta UNKNOWN . 
although eastern is back to about 99 % of its UNKNOWN schedule now , the texas air corp. subsidiary was only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . 
separately , america west airlines , phoenix , ariz. , reported third-quarter profit jumped 99 % to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the latest results include a $ 9.9 million one-time payment from a `` foreign entity . '' 
america west would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with america west plane purchases . 
year-earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 9.9 million from a buy-back of convertible subordinated debentures . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
for the nine months , america west posted earnings of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
papers : 
UNKNOWN corp. 's globe & mail newspaper in november will begin UNKNOWN an experimental edition to selected subscribers ' facsimile machines . 
the UNKNOWN news summary will be aimed at readers outside canada or in canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication . 
in the u.s. , the hartford UNKNOWN has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea . 
who 's news : 
michael t. UNKNOWN , advertising director of UNKNOWN magazine , was named publisher of national UNKNOWN and heavy metal magazines , succeeding george UNKNOWN . 
it was the first management change since UNKNOWN daniel UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN took control of national UNKNOWN inc. in march . 
they are looking for a new editor for national UNKNOWN and are trying to sell heavy metal . 
columbia savings & loan association , UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN changes mandated by congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 999.9 million , or $ 99.99 a share . 
for the quarter a year ago , columbia reported earnings of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
total assets increased to $ 99.9 billion in the latest quarter from $ 99.9 billion a year earlier . 
the loss stems from $ 999.9 million of write-downs on columbia 's $ 9.9 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio , which includes about $ 9.9 billion of junk bonds , $ 999 million of preferred stock , and treasury securities . 
columbia owes its UNKNOWN growth in recent years to its junk-bond portfolio , the largest of any u.s. thrift . 
much of columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its beverly hills neighbor , drexel burnham lambert inc . 
for the nine months , losses totaled $ 999 million , or $ 99.99 a share , compared with net income of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
the results include a $ 999.9 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . 
columbia also added $ 999.9 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 999 million , or about 9.9 % of the total portfolio , as of sept. 99 . 
on june 99 , loss reserves stood at $ 999.9 million . 
thrift officials said the $ 999 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of UNKNOWN and market conditions . 
the adjustments result from the recently passed UNKNOWN bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to UNKNOWN all high-yield bond investments by 9999 . 
previously , columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk-bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long-term investments . 
because columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices . 
for its future strategy , columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as UNKNOWN up more traditional thrift activities . 
the quarterly results also reflected $ 99.9 million in UNKNOWN losses from commercial real-estate activities in california . 
thomas spiegel , columbia 's chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed '' by the effects of the accounting changes . 
but he said columbia remains `` one of the most strongly UNKNOWN thrifts in the industry , '' based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . 
columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . 
its shares closed at $ 9.999 each in composite new york stock exchange trading , down 99.9 cents . 
the price of columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since august , when they traded at about $ 99 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write-down . 
the stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 9 a share on oct. 9 . 
columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will UNKNOWN of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately UNKNOWN subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed . 
columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves and write-downs and UNKNOWN regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end . 
its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of sept. 99 was 9.9 % , and total equity was $ 999.9 million . 
the thrift UNKNOWN that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate UNKNOWN and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 99 million . 
although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 999 million to $ 999 million . 
columbia also has UNKNOWN gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 99 million . 
david b. UNKNOWN in new york contributed to this article . 
UNKNOWN cos. said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially UNKNOWN price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . 
anheuser , the world 's largest UNKNOWN and u.s. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in UNKNOWN as a means of boosting sales volume . 
with the passing of the UNKNOWN days of UNKNOWN industry sales , however , the UNKNOWN and brief UNKNOWN into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . 
over the summer , anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . 
some experts now predict anheuser 's entry into the UNKNOWN means near-term earnings trouble for all the industry players . 
the st. louis company said major rivals , philip morris co. 's miller brewing unit and UNKNOWN coors co. `` have been following a policy of UNKNOWN and deep discounting for at least the past 99 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 99 cents a UNKNOWN below anheuser 's UNKNOWN label in many markets . 
anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a UNKNOWN basis . 
UNKNOWN announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a UNKNOWN 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents . 
UNKNOWN sales were $ 9.99 billion , up from last year 's $ 9.99 billion . 
anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean UNKNOWN earnings for the last half of 9999 and for 9999 . 
the projection sent anheuser shares plunging $ 9.999 in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday . 
the stock closed at $ 99.99 on heavy volume of about 9.9 million shares . 
shares of coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 9.99 apiece to $ 99.999 in national over-the-counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . 
anheuser noted that `` beer industry sales volume is 9999 is following the trend that has UNKNOWN the last half of the '99s , with sales volume being essentially flat '' while UNKNOWN creates fewer , bigger players . 
`` we can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , '' anheuser said , adding it will take `` appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long-term market share growth strategy '' for the premium brands . 
anheuser said it continues to hold to its UNKNOWN goal of a 99 % u.s. market share by the mid-9999s . 
beneath the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN lies a powerful threat from the brewing giant , which last year accounted for about 99 % of all u.s. beer sales and is expected to see that grow to 99.9 % in the current year . 
`` anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' said joseph j. UNKNOWN , an analyst with smith barney , harris upham & co . 
`` it 's going to get UNKNOWN . '' 
jerry UNKNOWN , publisher of beer marketers UNKNOWN , a trade newsletter , said anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . '' 
prudential-bache securities inc. analyst george e. thompson UNKNOWN the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the seemingly UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN wars , '' UNKNOWN . 
mr. thompson calls discounting `` a UNKNOWN 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on UNKNOWN or face a costly and UNKNOWN battle . 
mr. thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell-off by an UNKNOWN and currently UNKNOWN investing public . 
but smith barney 's mr. UNKNOWN , who yesterday trimmed his 9999 anheuser earnings projection to $ 9.99 a share from $ 9.99 , called the market 's reaction `` justified . '' 
while the third-quarter earnings were a `` moderate disappointment , '' he said , `` the real bad news is the intensity of price competition '' in the UNKNOWN sector . 
according to mr. UNKNOWN , the newsletter publisher , anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its UNKNOWN competitor , miller brewing , which had a 99.9 % stake last year . 
it 's followed by UNKNOWN brewery co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to coors . 
both coors and UNKNOWN have recently been UNKNOWN market share to miller and anheuser . 
tokyo stocks closed easier for the second consecutive day , finishing at the intraday low on UNKNOWN investment trust fund selling toward the end of the afternoon session . 
stocks rose in london , but fell again in frankfurt . 
tokyo 's nikkei index fell 99.99 points to 99999.99 . 
trading was active . 
volume on the first section was estimated at 9 billion shares , up from 999 million tuesday . 
the tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 9.99 at 
in early trading in tokyo thursday , the nikkei index rose 999.99 points to 99999.99 . 
on wednesday , the market opened UNKNOWN with high turnover , ignoring the volatility in new york stocks . 
but losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session . 
a trader said that the more an issue gained recently , the sharper the loss sustained wednesday . 
a trader at yamaichi securities said the market 's mood was undercut by the continuing fall of nippon telegraph & telephone shares , which declined to their lowest level since the UNKNOWN of this year . 
UNKNOWN lost 99,999 yen to 9,999,999 yen ( $ 9,999 ) . 
some traders noted individual investors dumped UNKNOWN shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent UNKNOWN panel . 
dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the october transaction period . 
among pharmaceutical shares , UNKNOWN lost 99 yen to 9,999 yen ( $ 99.99 ) , and UNKNOWN fell 999 to 9,999 . 
other losing issues included UNKNOWN shell , which fell 99 to 9,999 . 
toyota motor fell 99 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN house , which gained 999 tuesday , lost 99 to 9999 . 
daiwa house also ended easier , but UNKNOWN home was firmer . 
pioneer electronic and sony , both of which dominated buying earlier this month , continued to fall wednesday . 
pioneer was down 99 at 9,999 , and sony lost 99 to 9,999 , down 99 % from its record set oct. 99 . 
london share prices closed modestly higher largely on technical factors , although the market was UNKNOWN near the end of the session by wall street 's firmer trend . 
the financial times 999-share index finished at 9999.9 , up 99.9 points . 
the 99-share index ended 99.9 points higher at 9999.9 . 
volume was thin at 999.9 million shares traded , down from 999.9 million tuesday . 
dealers said the market gained some late steam on a flurry of buying by market-makers looking at blue-chip issues and stocks viewed as UNKNOWN during the market 's recent UNKNOWN . 
outside what essentially amounted to a UNKNOWN exercise , dealers said london dealings were largely UNKNOWN by the absence of active interest beyond the market-makers . 
the late buying was drawn into the london market , dealers added , after wall street showed signs of stability following its UNKNOWN opening . 
stocks that suffered on the day were those with active u.s. operations , dealers noted . 
among them were b.a.t industries , which settled 9 pence a share lower at 999 ( $ 99.99 ) . 
hanson , with 99 million shares traded , closed 9.9 lower at 999.9 . 
dealers said the shares were hit by fears of a slowdown in the u.s. economy . 
cable & UNKNOWN benefited from a market squeeze , UNKNOWN 99 to 999 in moderately active volume . 
jaguar was boosted 99 to 999 on UNKNOWN buying after ford motor 's announcement tuesday that it might be prepared to mount a full bid for the u.k. luxury auto maker . 
it was further helped by ford , which announced after london 's close that it had raised its stake to 99 % from just under 99 % on tuesday . 
frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the UNKNOWN session on wall street tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest west german trade union . 
the german stock index tumbled 99.99 to end at 
`` it was dead , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and negative , '' said one trader at a u.s. bank in frankfurt . 
`` there was little turnover and nothing to UNKNOWN the market . '' 
equities tumbled at the opening as tuesday 's gyrations on wall street , where the dow jones industrial average recovered most of an 99-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said . 
tough talk from trade union officials at the conference of the powerful UNKNOWN UNKNOWN metals worker union in west berlin raised the specter of nationwide strikes next spring , they said . 
for the 9999 wage negotiations , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is demanding a further cut in the german UNKNOWN and steep wage increases , which could sharply increase the costs for german industry . 
`` all the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the UNKNOWN for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { UNKNOWN } elections , '' the u.s. trader said . 
the market also UNKNOWN off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in september , traders said . 
they said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile . 
in the auto sector , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plunged 99.9 marks to 999 marks ( $ 999 ) , daimler-benz dropped 99.9 to 999 , and UNKNOWN slumped 9 to 999.9 . 
continental gave up some of its recent gains , dropping 9 to 999 , as rumors of an impending takeover attempt for the UNKNOWN faded , brokers said . 
deutsche bank plummeted 99 to 999 , hurt by the general mood . 
other banks were slightly more UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN bank shedding 9.9 to 999 , and UNKNOWN slipping 9.9 to 
meanwhile , wall street 's volatility UNKNOWN investors in other markets . 
share prices closed lower in paris , zurich , brussels , milan and stockholm , and mixed in amsterdam . 
among pacific markets , prices closed lower in sydney , seoul , hong kong , manila , singapore and wellington . 
trading in taipei was suspended for a national holiday . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
french chemicals group , UNKNOWN s.a. , said wednesday it has made a bid for control of UNKNOWN brothers plc , a british manufacturer of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN already owns 99.9 % of UNKNOWN . 
the remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the french group said . 
UNKNOWN declined to give details of its offer , saying only that the bid will be submitted for approval by the board of the british company . 
the UNKNOWN house , by a margin of 99 votes , failed to override president bush 's veto of legislation UNKNOWN federal support of medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
the 999-999 roll call illustrates the limits of power a UNKNOWN abortion-rights movement still faces . 
it continues to gain strength in the chamber but remains far short of the two-thirds majority required to prevail over mr. bush . 
democrats voted to override by a 9-9 margin , but republicans were equally firm in support of the president , who has threatened to make abortion a UNKNOWN issue on at least three separate fiscal 9999 spending bills . 
yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 999.9 billion measure funding the departments of labor , education , and health and human services . 
to gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to UNKNOWN the bill into an UNKNOWN continuing resolution next month . 
but the UNKNOWN numbers yesterday -- when 999 votes were needed -- indicate the president is in a UNKNOWN position for at least this year . 
`` unless he changes , they lose , '' said a democratic leadership aide . 
the action came as congress sent to the president last night a UNKNOWN spending bill to keep the government operating through nov. 99 and provide $ 9.99 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from hurricane hugo and the california earthquake . 
by a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN margin , the senate approved the measure after UNKNOWN further provisions sought by the influential california delegation and , despite reservations , the house adopted the bill on a 999-999 roll call . 
the package is more than $ 9 billion above the recommendations of budget director richard darman this week . 
but given the political importance of california , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any senate amendments adding further new appropriations . 
the $ 9.99 billion measure comes on top of $ 9.9 billion UNKNOWN after hugo struck the UNKNOWN and caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of UNKNOWN disaster loans . 
the bill last night includes $ 999 million to help finance this credit and further raises the obligation ceiling for the small business administration UNKNOWN to $ 9.9 billion to accommodate the expected loan activity . 
in direct cash assistance , $ 9 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds , and $ 9.99 billion is divided between general emergency aid and a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
in the senate , majority UNKNOWN alan cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the house had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months . 
the emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill UNKNOWN existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the san UNKNOWN bay bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake . 
the underlying UNKNOWN bill is the second required by congress this fall and , since the current fiscal year began oct. 9 , only the energy and UNKNOWN departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law . 
the UNKNOWN over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure UNKNOWN by mr. bush , bills funding the district of columbia and the entire u.s. UNKNOWN budget are in UNKNOWN because of related abortion or UNKNOWN issues . 
the vote yesterday was the most UNKNOWN in many years , and though the democratic leadership is UNKNOWN about how to address the abortion issue , the debate is increasingly measured in party terms . 
the 999 democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 999 who initially backed the UNKNOWN exemption two weeks ago and 999 last year on a similar vote . 
by comparison , republicans have held closer to the anti-abortion movement . 
only 99 gop members opposed the president 's veto , a marginal increase over the vote two weeks ago and just 99 more than the 99 who supported the UNKNOWN exemption last year . 
at a recent white house meeting , rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( r. , mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the house appropriations committee , argued with his friend mr. bush against a veto , and though mr. UNKNOWN and minority leader robert UNKNOWN of illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are UNKNOWN uncomfortable with his position . 
`` this is n't a political issue , this is a moral issue , '' said rep. henry UNKNOWN ( r. , ill. ) , the most UNKNOWN spokesman for the anti-abortion movement . 
but after years of using the issue for its benefit , the gop finds its candidates on the defensive . 
new jersey gubernatorial candidate rep. james florio UNKNOWN returned from UNKNOWN to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent , gop rep. james courter , who has UNKNOWN supported abortion restrictions in the past but was UNKNOWN . 
in an extraordinary mix of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN powers , rep. robert UNKNOWN ( r. , calif . ) UNKNOWN his fellow roman UNKNOWN -- including mr. florio -- for having the `` UNKNOWN '' to disagree with the UNKNOWN of their church on abortion . 
rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was as UNKNOWN on behalf of the abortion-rights movement . 
`` this may not make george bush a UNKNOWN president , '' said the oregon liberal , addressing the republican side of the house . 
`` but if you support him over rape victims , this may be your last term . '' 
separately , the house last night approved a nearly $ 99 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 9999 and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
the current ceiling on home loans insured by the federal housing administration would be increased to $ 999,999 , and the bill gives the department of housing and urban development new authority to UNKNOWN the refinancing of subsidized loans for UNKNOWN homeowners . 
by a 999-99 margin , the appropriations committee leadership beat back an early challenge by house banking chairman henry gonzalez ( d. , texas ) to the fha provision . 
and on a closer 999-999 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements made by a house-senate conference UNKNOWN community development funds for more than 99 projects backed by often influential members . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN acquired a 99 % stake in UNKNOWN zeta s.a. , the leading spanish magazine and newspaper publisher said . 
the transaction called for mr. UNKNOWN 's news international plc , a unit of UNKNOWN news corp. , to UNKNOWN to a rights issue by zeta valued at 9.99 billion pesetas ( $ 99 million ) . 
also participating in the issue was UNKNOWN spain UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the film producer , owned by UNKNOWN financier UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , received a 9 % stake in the UNKNOWN publishing group . 
the cash UNKNOWN boosted zeta 's capital more than UNKNOWN , to 9.99 billion pesetas from 9.99 billion pesetas , greatly UNKNOWN the group 's ability to make investments , zeta officials said . 
following its failure last month to win a license for one of spain 's first three private television stations , zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing . 
with annual sales of about 99 billion pesetas , zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , and three regional UNKNOWN . 
chairman antonio UNKNOWN will retain a 99 % share in zeta . 
the new york stock exchange is expected to launch its own program trading vehicle today , just as controversy over this trading strategy UNKNOWN up . 
the big board this morning plans to begin trading its exchange stock portfolio `` basket '' product , the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange 's seal of approval . 
UNKNOWN will allow institutional investors to buy or sell all 999 stocks in standard & poor 's index in a single trade of a minimum of $ 9 million . 
`` UNKNOWN '' baskets of fewer stocks will also be available . 
the securities and exchange commission gave UNKNOWN six-month approval to the big board basket at a meeting late yesterday . 
the sec at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the chicago board options exchange , where the minimum will be $ 9.9 million . 
also approved was a plan to trade stock portfolios by computer after regular hours on the midwest stock exchange . 
the basket products are `` an UNKNOWN step '' in UNKNOWN problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 9999 market crash , said sec commissioner joseph UNKNOWN . 
new sec chairman richard breeden , overseeing his first public meeting , said there have been concerns that the big board 's basket could attract investors with a `` short-term perspective '' who would rapidly turn over the product , thus increasing volatility . 
but richard UNKNOWN , the sec 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe `` this will UNKNOWN dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be UNKNOWN . '' 
the baskets on the big board and cboe -- which involve the actual s&p stocks , unlike the stock-index contracts currently traded on the chicago futures markets , and index options on the cboe -- will begin trading as critics step up their attacks on program trading and its contributions to the stock market 's wild price swings . 
the big board argues that its new product will help rather than hurt the situation by possibly drawing business from UNKNOWN forms of program trading . 
UNKNOWN are also an attempt by the big board to head off the exodus of program trading business to overseas markets such as london . 
big board officials also hope japanese investors will become interested in the exchange 's product . 
already , many of the big board 's own floor traders are warning that the UNKNOWN baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public . 
the UNKNOWN alliance of floor brokers said the new product , with the $ 9 million minimum , will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to `` wild UNKNOWN of volatility . '' 
UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN to individual investors said the big board 's new product UNKNOWN the exchange does n't want to curtail program trading , which last month accounted for a record 99.9 % of the exchange 's average daily volume . 
`` the new york stock exchange is losing its cool here , '' said james UNKNOWN , head of institutional trading at UNKNOWN montgomery scott inc. in philadelphia . 
the new stock baskets `` are going to make it easier for program trading to be done . 
and it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
both the big board 's exchange stock portfolio and the chicago exchange 's market basket are designed for institutional investors . 
the big board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and UNKNOWN traders . 
in index arbitrage , program traders buy and sell stocks and stock-index futures to profit from small price discrepancies between the markets . 
at the same time , only four securities firms have signed up with the big board to buy and sell UNKNOWN as market makers , an UNKNOWN response . 
the market makers so far are UNKNOWN first boston group 's first boston corp. unit , morgan stanley & co. , painewebber group inc. and salomon inc. 's salomon brothers inc. unit . 
kidder , peabody & co. , a general electric co. unit that has become the biggest program trader along with morgan stanley , is n't a market maker , although the big board hopes that will change . 
similarly , the big board hopes to UNKNOWN merrill lynch & co . 
neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
traders said major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading . 
big board officials say only 99 contracts a day may trade at first , equivalent to a day 's action at a small , regional exchange . 
even though the big board says its product represents a UNKNOWN `` reform , '' some traders suggest that if the new basket had been trading during this month 's friday the 99th market plunge , the dow jones industrial average might have dropped more than the 999 points it did . 
with the futures locked into a trading halt oct. 99 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have UNKNOWN fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
`` if we had the baskets , we would be leaving in UNKNOWN , '' one trader said . 
the sec 's mr. breeden said the UNKNOWN trading on the midwest exchange would help the u.s. win back business that has moved overseas to conduct UNKNOWN trades . 
comprehensive care corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held first hospital corp. , reported a $ 9.9 million loss for its aug. 99 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its oct. 99 due date . 
in composite trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange , comprehensive care shares plunged $ 9.999 to close at $ 9.99 on volume of 9,999,999 shares . 
the loss in comprehensive care 's latest quarter is equal to 99 cents a share . 
in the year-earlier quarter , comprehensive care earned $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue in the latest quarter fell 99 % to $ 99 million from $ 99.9 million , the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its UNKNOWN medicine contracts . 
comprehensive care shareholders have approved acquisition of the developer and operator of UNKNOWN chemical UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN programs for about $ 99 million in cash , notes and stock of first hospital , norfolk , va . 
the price was reduced last august from an indicated value of $ 99 million . 
comprehensive care said first hospital had advised it that both bank debt and senior notes would be repaid after the acquisition , although it is n't assured the acquisition will be completed . 
if it is n't completed , comprehensive care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
first hospital advised comprehensive care that an agent for the financial institutions providing financing of its acquisition is scheduled to make a final credit determination tomorrow , and that a favorable determination could result in a reorganization at comprehensive care `` by the end of october . '' 
failure to win such a determination , however , would lead comprehensive care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' comprehensive care said , without UNKNOWN . 
separately , first hospital reported a 9.9 % rise in net income to $ 9.9 million for its year ended june 99 on a 99 % increase in revenue to $ 999.9 million . 
it said , however , that net income for the UNKNOWN period ended aug. 99 plunged to $ 999,999 from $ 999,999 in the prior year on a 99 % rise in revenue to $ 99.9 million . 
a group including new york investors douglas a. UNKNOWN and anthony UNKNOWN holds the equivalent of a 99.9 % stake in h.h. robertson co. 's common shares outstanding , according to a filing with the securities and exchange commission . 
officials of UNKNOWN h.h. robertson , which makes steel UNKNOWN , store fronts and building parts , declined comment . 
as reported last month , mr. UNKNOWN said he was interested in making an offer to buy h.h. robertson for $ 99 a share . 
in the sec filing , the UNKNOWN group said it intends to acquire additional h.h. robertson shares `` with a view UNKNOWN a possible change in control of the company . '' 
it has not , however , made a formal proposal . 
the group also is engaged in talks with third parties regarding obtaining financing to buy more shares , but no agreements have yet been reached , the filing said . 
the group controls 999,999 h.h. robertson common shares , assuming exercise of an option it acquired from executive life insurance co. to buy 999,999 shares . 
its stake includes 999,999 shares bought in the open market from aug. 99 to oct. 99 for $ 99.999 to $ 99.999 a share . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , h.h. robertson closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
after coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against ivan f. boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are UNKNOWN an accord , people familiar with the case said . 
meanwhile , within the next few weeks , the limited partners in ivan f. boesky & co . UNKNOWN are expected to reach a partial settlement with drexel burnham lambert inc. regarding the distribution of the $ 999 million in partnership assets , said one of the individuals . 
under the terms of the settlement , the limited partners would drop their civil suits against drexel , now pending in federal court in new york , another individual said . 
attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago , when reports of an imminent agreement circulated . 
one individual said the shareholders ' accord was `` well worked out . '' 
however , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the UNKNOWN of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with UNKNOWN claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart . 
a shareholders ' accord would provide the first UNKNOWN to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by boesky & co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the u.s. . 
the plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which mr. boesky and his partnerships were dealing . 
some claim they suffered losses because they sold while he was buying and others because they bought while he was selling . 
stocks involved in the shareholder suits include union carbide , rjr nabisco , american natural resources , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , general foods corp. , houston natural gas and UNKNOWN corp . 
there are at least 99 class-action shareholder suits that have been consolidated in federal court in new york under u.s. district judge milton UNKNOWN . 
among the defendants are mr. boesky ; the UNKNOWN ivan f. boesky & co. ; mr. boesky 's main underwriter , drexel burnham ; and UNKNOWN & general securities plc , a british investment fund once controlled by mr. boesky . 
individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the boesky partnership , the british fund and mr. boesky as defendants , while drexel and other defendants would remain . 
charles UNKNOWN , of the washington , UNKNOWN law firm wilmer , cutler & UNKNOWN , which represents mr. boesky in this matter , said only that `` discussions are under way . 
there are no agreements yet . '' 
it has been three years since mr. boesky , now in prison , agreed to pay a $ 999 million fine to settle the government 's charges that he had traded illegally using insider information . 
out of this , the government set up a $ 99 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
according to william UNKNOWN , an attorney at UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , the escrow agents for the fund , as of sept. 99 the fund amounted to $ 99.9 million . 
separately , attorneys for the 99 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets . 
the limited partners include insurance companies , financial institutions and individual investors . 
an agreement with drexel regarding the limited partners ' investments is an essential step toward getting their money back . 
this is because a delaware court earlier this year said that drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners . 
drexel is owed $ 99 million by the partnership . 
an individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not UNKNOWN from the $ 999 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 999 million UNKNOWN fund available as a result of drexel 's settlement with the government in december 9999 . 
drexel agreed to UNKNOWN guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 999 million , of which $ 999 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by drexel . 
jailed UNKNOWN activist UNKNOWN a battle against the 
u.s. district judge robert p. UNKNOWN jr. ordered the fbi to immediately begin processing UNKNOWN benjamin ferguson 's request for documents stemming from the agency 's investigation of him during the 9999s . 
the fbi had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until june 
mr. ferguson , who is 99 years old , fled the u.s. in 9999 after UNKNOWN his appeals of a 9999 conviction on conspiracy to murder . 
he turned himself in to authorities in new york earlier this year . 
he maintains that the information from the fbi will help him get his 9999 conviction vacated and his UNKNOWN indictment dismissed . 
his attorneys claim he was UNKNOWN by the fbi and new york police as part of a campaign to UNKNOWN the black liberation movement of the 9999s . 
because the federal freedom of information act was n't law at that time , the fbi was n't required to turn over information on its investigations when mr. ferguson appealed his conviction in the 9999s . 
but in federal court in manhattan , judge UNKNOWN said the fbi records could show that mr. ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices . 
the judge said that if the fbi 's proposed schedule was followed in UNKNOWN the documents , `` a delay of over one year will have occurred and UNKNOWN will have served approximately two-thirds of his 9 9 / 9-year minimum sentence by the time he receives the files . '' 
UNKNOWN w. UNKNOWN , the assistant u.s. attorney handling the case for the fbi , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling . 
federal courts urged to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits . 
the study , conducted by a task force of the UNKNOWN institution , suggests that congress should require the courts to develop the plans . 
the study was initiated by senate judiciary committee chairman joseph UNKNOWN ( d. , del . ) . 
the washington , d.c. , think tank recommends that the courts adopt different `` tracks '' for different types of civil cases in order to separate the handling of highly complex suits from UNKNOWN ones . 
complex cases , such as antitrust suits and many business disputes , would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving . 
standard cases would require less judicial attention , and UNKNOWN cases could be resolved quickly . 
the study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 999 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 99 months for complex disputes . 
and the study said federal courts should set firm trial dates early in the process . 
to take advantage of local expertise and UNKNOWN , the study said , congress should require each of the 99 federal district courts to adopt its own plan to speed the handling of civil suits and to reduce the high costs in civil cases . 
although some of the study 's recommendations UNKNOWN those of similar projects , the UNKNOWN of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort . 
it included lawyers from civil rights and consumer groups , plaintiffs ' lawyers and defense attorneys , corporate counsel and law UNKNOWN . 
businessland inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , data systems computer UNKNOWN inc. , UNKNOWN , new jersey . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
the purchase UNKNOWN san jose , calif.-based businessland 's links to the large corporations who are among the biggest buyers of computers . 
data systems has five retail stores in the northeast , but specializes in selling personal computers made by international business machines corp. and apple computer inc. to banks , brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the new york metropolitan area . 
john UNKNOWN , chief executive officer of data systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 999 million this year . 
he said businessland , which operates stores in 99 u.s. metropolitan areas , planned to absorb his firm 's operations . 
eastman kodak co. of rochester , n.y. , said its UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN and the other for UNKNOWN products such as wood UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN , n.j. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization UNKNOWN to effectively managing the size and UNKNOWN of the unit 's current business . '' 
the consumer brands unit was UNKNOWN by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired sterling drug inc . 
in a related matter , peter black , president of consumer brand UNKNOWN , was named group vice president for the household products operating group . 
kenneth m. evans , president of thompson & UNKNOWN brand , was named group vice president of the UNKNOWN operating group . 
sotheby 's holdings inc. , the parent of the auction house sotheby 's , said its net loss for the seasonally slow third quarter narrowed from a year earlier on a leap in operating revenue . 
the new york-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with a year-earlier net loss of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
operating revenue surged 99 % in the latest period to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
the company said 99 % of its auction business is usually conducted in the second and fourth quarters , with the current quarter having begun `` extremely well . 
west texas intermediate , the u.s. benchmark crude , seemed UNKNOWN again yesterday in trading on the new york mercantile exchange . 
widely expected to open 99 to 99 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the american petroleum institute , the december contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher . 
in the last hour of the trading day , december contract took a tumble to end the session 99 cents lower at $ 99.99 a barrel . 
and now that the price has fallen below $ 99.99 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions . 
with no UNKNOWN news or changes in the fundamentals to UNKNOWN price moves , `` technicians are UNKNOWN to sell this stuff , '' said eric UNKNOWN of edge trading corp . 
`` and short-term , the technicians may have their way . '' 
the market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 9.9 million barrel decrease in u.s. crude oil stocks as the UNKNOWN of hurricane jerry . 
that storm hit the gulf coast oct. 99 , closing the louisiana UNKNOWN oil port for a time and preventing UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN . 
next week 's report could very well show an increase in crude inventories . 
UNKNOWN the trade group 's numbers left traders plenty of time to worry UNKNOWN about the latest reports on opec production . 
an UNKNOWN jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the organization of petroleum exporting countries increased its production to 99.9 million barrels a day in september . 
estimates suggest october 's figure may be even higher . 
that level of production is n't of much concern as long as demand continues strong , analysts said . 
but the first quarter of the year is generally the UNKNOWN and opec production does n't seem to be UNKNOWN in anticipation of that . 
also , maintaining current demand UNKNOWN no significant slowdown in world economies . 
to top off the bearish factors affecting yesterday 's trading , late october weather , especially in the northeast u.s. , continues to be very moderate , leaving heating oil futures trading lackluster . 
`` we are n't seeing any cold weather here , '' mr. UNKNOWN said from new york . 
in other commodity markets yesterday : 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN : 
soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength . 
a UNKNOWN off of farmer selling tied to the harvest also removed some of the downward pressure on futures contract prices . 
wheat futures prices fell , however , at least partly in reaction to the rumored selling of futures contracts equal to several million UNKNOWN of wheat by commodity UNKNOWN richard dennis . 
neither mr. dennis nor officials of his chicago trading company , UNKNOWN commodities , could be reached for comment . 
as for corn and soybean futures , `` a lot of commission house buying this morning and computer-driven buying '' supported prices in early trading , said steven UNKNOWN , a futures analyst with dean witter reynolds inc. in chicago . 
soybean futures for november delivery gained 9.99 cents a bushel to close at $ 9.99 a bushel on the chicago board of trade . 
december corn futures added 9.99 cents a bushel to close at $ 9.9999 a bushel on the board of trade . 
announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices . 
`` russian ships are UNKNOWN in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a futures analyst with merrill lynch & co. in new york . 
the soviet union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month , and is expected to take delivery by year end , analysts said . 
cotton : 
futures prices rose modestly , but trading volume was n't very heavy . 
the december contract settled at 99.99 cents a pound , up 9.99 cent , but it rose as high as 99.99 cents . 
several cotton analysts said that the move appeared to be mostly technical . 
traders who had sold contracts earlier , in hopes of buying them back at lower prices , yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses . 
floor traders also said that the market could have been helped by rumors , which have been circulating for the past two days , about china purchasing cotton . 
the UNKNOWN , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has china buying 999,999 to 999,999 UNKNOWN for near-term delivery . 
one floor trader said that if there were chinese purchases , they should have had a bigger effect on the market . 
another said that if china was a buyer , it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 9999-99 crop year , and thus would be a bullish sign . 
this trader UNKNOWN the recent price action as a contest between the UNKNOWN , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 99 cents , and selling it when the price UNKNOWN more than 99 cents . 
this trader said that he thought the market would turn aggressively bullish from a technical standpoint if the december contract was able to exceed 99.99 cents . 
he also noted that stocks on aug. 9 , 9999 , are currently projected at 9.9 million UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN supply since 9999 . 
cocoa : 
the modest sell-off , which started on tuesday , continued . 
the december contract ended at $ 999 a metric ton , down $ 99 . 
the market is UNKNOWN , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of UNKNOWN and the ivory coast , the two largest african producers . 
harry schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for UNKNOWN investors services in new york , said the only report UNKNOWN has issued about the UNKNOWN of cocoa from the UNKNOWN was for 9,999 metric tons as of oct. 99 . 
by this time last year , he noted , UNKNOWN totaling 99,999 tons had been announced . 
a similar situation apparently exists in the ivory coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 99,999 tons as of this time a year ago . 
he said that if little cocoa actually has arrived at the UNKNOWN , shipping delays could result . 
this is the worry that probably brought UNKNOWN to the market earlier in the week , he said . 
there was also some fear that without ivory coast cocoa a large french cocoa merchant , cie . financiere UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , might not be able to deliver cocoa against the contracts it had sold earlier for december delivery in london . 
however , the french merchant has about 999,999 tons of old crop ivory coast cocoa UNKNOWN in the netherlands from an agreement it had negotiated with the ivory coast last spring . 
UNKNOWN thinks that even though the merchant has a contract stating that it wo n't bring this cocoa to market until after march 9999 , there is some evidence the contract has been UNKNOWN . 
this UNKNOWN , apparently , would permit the french merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions . 
richard d. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its first national bank of UNKNOWN river subsidiary . 
joseph w. robertson , 99 , was dismissed from those posts , the company said . 
he could n't be reached and a company spokesman would n't comment on the UNKNOWN . 
mr. robertson was also removed from the board of first national bank of new UNKNOWN county , another unit , and the UNKNOWN river bank . 
american medical international inc. said it has n't received any other offers to acquire the owner and operator of hospitals , and took another step toward completion of its $ 9 billion acquisition by ima holdings corp . 
earlier this month ima , an investment group that includes chicago 's UNKNOWN family and first boston corp. , submitted a reduced bid for american medical after it could n't finance its initial offer . 
under the new offer , ima will pay $ 99.99 a share for 99 million shares , or about 99 % of the shares outstanding . 
ima also will assume $ 9.9 billion in debt . 
yesterday , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , UNKNOWN common closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents , on volume of almost 9.9 million . 
earlier , american medical said it had been approached again by two other possible UNKNOWN , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company . 
yesterday , american medical said that the two other parties told the company that they do n't have any current intention of making a takeover bid . 
american medical said its directors have approved what is , in effect , a draft of a UNKNOWN opinion on the acquisition , submitted by the los angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN howard & UNKNOWN inc . 
a final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 99:99 a.m. edt today . 
separately , moody 's investors service inc. downgraded the ratings of american medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate . 
the UNKNOWN anticipates completion of the ima holdings acquisition today , moody 's said . 
the ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and UNKNOWN , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals . 
moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful UNKNOWN program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales . 
moody 's changes affected the following issues : 
american medical international : senior notes , UNKNOWN debentures , UNKNOWN notes , UNKNOWN , swiss franc bonds , unsecured loan stock to UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN ; convertible subordinated debentures , notes , and UNKNOWN debentures to UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN . 
american medical international n.v. : guaranteed UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN . 
an american medical spokeswoman said the moody 's UNKNOWN was expected because of the nature of the takeover . 
bay financial corp. , boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder . 
the real estate investment trust said the `` UNKNOWN class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other UNKNOWN under federal securities law and state law . '' 
gerald e. UNKNOWN , corporate secretary and legal counsel , said the company would n't disclose further details . 
he declined to name the shareholder , the UNKNOWN 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed . 
bay , which has substantial investments in the UNKNOWN massachusetts market , reported a loss of $ 99 million , or $ 99.99 a share , for the fiscal year ended june 99 . 
it has said it might seek UNKNOWN protection from creditor lawsuits if it ca n't UNKNOWN its borrowings . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , bay closed at $ 9.999 , down 99 cents . 
keith a. UNKNOWN was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , is president of UNKNOWN securities corp. and senior vice president of UNKNOWN inc. , closely held investment companies based in miami . 
his selection increases the size of the board to 99 members . 
UNKNOWN also said that samuel e. UNKNOWN jr. , 99 , vice president and general counsel , was selected to serve the remainder of the term vacated by john UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who resigned as director . 
philip morris cos. , new york , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover UNKNOWN expensive . 
the giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue UNKNOWN purchase rights to shareholders of record nov. 9 . 
under certain circumstances , the rights would UNKNOWN philip morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its UNKNOWN for half price . 
the board is n't aware of any attempts to take over philip morris , the company said . 
as of sept. 99 , philip morris had 999 million shares outstanding . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , philip morris shares closed yesterday at $ 99.99 each , down $ 9 . 
beghin-say s.a. said that it plans to sell its remaining paper operations by the end of january as part of a drive to UNKNOWN on the food sector and lower its debt . 
the french unit of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN also disclosed a 99 % rise in its consolidated net profit for the first half of 9999 , excluding nonrecurring items and after payments to minority interests . 
beghin-say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 9.999 billion francs ( $ 999 million ) . 
this will include the sale of its interest in the joint venture UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN ag . 
the west german paper company entered the venture in april 9999 by acquiring a 99 % stake , also from beghin-say . 
the other part of the transaction will see beghin-say sell its 99 % stake in its UNKNOWN paper affiliate to an unspecified unit of the petrochemical group montedison s.p . a. , which is also controlled by UNKNOWN . 
and in a separate transaction , beghin-say will sell its remaining 99 % interest in UNKNOWN , a holding company for international trading assets , to an unspecified unit of UNKNOWN for 999 million francs . 
esselte ab , the stockholm office supplies company , as expected , proposed to acquire the 99 % it does n't own of its u.s. unit , esselte business systems inc . 
the price in the proposal is $ 99.99 for each of the 9.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 999.9 million . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , esselte closed yesterday at $ 99.99 a share , up $ 9 . 
a committee of outside directors for the garden city , n.y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by oct. 99 . 
the unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur . 
esselte ab sold the minority stake five years ago in a $ 99 million international share offering . 
the unit , which is the holding company for esselte 's UNKNOWN units , accounted for 99 % of sales and 99 % of operating profit last year . 
separately , esselte business systems reported third-quarter net income fell 9.9 % to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999 million . 
house and senate conferees agreed to continue production of grumman corp. 's f-99 and to provide more than $ 9.9 billion for the strategic defense initiative during the current fiscal year . 
industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense UNKNOWN bill , UNKNOWN out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a UNKNOWN compromise for both the white house and house democrats . 
although conferees are still putting the finishing UNKNOWN on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow . 
an announcement is more likely next week , though . 
president bush and other supporters of UNKNOWN will be able to take credit for blocking house efforts to significantly cut the program to develop a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN system , which already has cost some $ 99 billion . 
senate armed services committee chairman sam UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) and other senate conferees have opposed the house cuts , UNKNOWN for almost two months action on a number of UNKNOWN items in the pentagon 's budget . 
the senate voted to UNKNOWN $ 9.9 billion for UNKNOWN spending in the current fiscal year , but the house , reflecting a dramatic erosion of support for the program , earmarked only $ 9.9 billion . 
despite the UNKNOWN gap between the two sides , conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by UNKNOWN to roughly split the difference . 
that would hold spending on the program at about the previous year 's level . 
the decision to keep the UNKNOWN f-99 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the house , and especially for rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) . 
as the head of the house conferees , rep. UNKNOWN has been under intense pressure from his colleagues to reject senate provisions that would have abruptly cut further f-99 production . 
the package `` provides a temporary , golden UNKNOWN for grumman , '' according to one congressional aide familiar with the UNKNOWN bargaining . 
but as part of the overall agreement , grumman and its UNKNOWN supporters on capitol hill effectively will be UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget . 
defense secretary dick cheney and most senators contend that the navy 's f-99 is too expensive in an era of shrinking pentagon budgets . 
but the plane boasts a strong core of support in the house , where members are intent on saving grumman jobs and are worried about potential shortages of UNKNOWN aircraft by the late 9999s . 
conferees also agreed to pentagon requests to UNKNOWN a total of nearly $ 9 billion for work on both mobile UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides . 
and lawmakers are putting the finishing UNKNOWN on a compromise that would give the air force nearly all of the $ 9.9 billion it wants for production of northrop corp. 's UNKNOWN b-9 UNKNOWN , which cost $ 999 million apiece . 
the final b-9 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a house-passed provision that would have UNKNOWN production funds until congress UNKNOWN a cheaper , UNKNOWN version of the $ 99 billion fleet of 999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by the pentagon . 
consolidated UNKNOWN inc. reported a 99 % drop in third-quarter net income , citing expected losses in its UNKNOWN worldwide shipping business . 
the menlo park , calif. , company said net was $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , down from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
revenue totaled $ 9.99 billion , a 99 % increase from $ 999.9 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of UNKNOWN earlier this year . 
profit also suffered because of `` intense '' discounting in its UNKNOWN trucking business , the company said . 
analysts had expected consolidated to post a slim profit , and the company 's stock was down only 99 cents to $ 99.99 in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday . 
`` they have to continue to UNKNOWN their belts , '' said craig UNKNOWN , an analyst at goldman , sachs & co . 
a round of futures-related program selling near the close sent the stock market lower in otherwise UNKNOWN trading . 
nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
the dow jones industrial average , which plunged more than 99 points in early trading tuesday and then recovered nearly all of its losses by the close , fell 9.99 to 9999.99 in the latest session . 
the average drifted in a trading range of about 99 points throughout the day . 
the lower UNKNOWN was established just after the opening in a brief round of selling ; the upper UNKNOWN was set at UNKNOWN as scattered UNKNOWN pushed prices higher . 
buying interest in du pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes . 
standard & poor 's 999-stock index dropped 9.99 to 999.99 ; the decline was the equivalent of a UNKNOWN setback in the UNKNOWN average . 
the dow jones equity market index fell 9.99 to 999.99 and the new york stock exchange composite index slid 9.99 to 999.99 . 
but advancing issues topped decliners by 999 to 999 on the big board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
the programs occurred against the UNKNOWN of a late UNKNOWN in ual , which had held at slightly lower levels through most of the session amid UNKNOWN that another bidder might surface . 
traders said program activity was n't in evidence through most of the session , however , and big board volume dropped to 999,999,999 shares from about 999 million tuesday as concerns about the potential for additional sharp swings in the market kept other trading in check . 
`` people are sort of nervous to do anything in the market now . 
our phones are quiet around here , '' said don r. UNKNOWN , director of investment strategy at wheat first butcher & singer inc. , richmond , va . 
the gross national product report , due to be released before today 's opening , is expected to show that the economy continued to expand in the third quarter at a moderate pace . 
the consensus of economists UNKNOWN by dow jones capital markets report calls for a 9.9 % annual growth rate for gnp during the quarter . 
du pont , which announced plans for a 9-for-9 stock split and raised its quarterly dividend by 99 % , jumped 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 . 
the company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
blue-chip consumer stocks also provided a lift to the industrial average . 
american telephone & telegraph rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 in big board composite trading of 9.9 million shares , chevron advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares , woolworth rose 9 to 99 9\/9 , coca-cola co. gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and eastman kodak added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
but general motors dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
its gm hughes electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN plunged 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
its third-quarter earnings were lower than analysts had forecast , and the company said it had lowered its projections for earnings growth through the end of 9999 because of planned price cuts . 
xerox fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led prudential-bache securities to reduce its 9999 and 9999 earnings estimates , according to dow jones professional investor report . 
computer associates international , the most active big board issue , was another victim of an UNKNOWN sell-off . 
the stock fell 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 as 9.9 million shares were traded in the wake of its report that fiscal second-quarter net income fell 99 % from a year ago . 
insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from UNKNOWN , coming on the heels of speculation that last week 's devastating earthquake in the san francisco area would lead to higher premium rates . 
UNKNOWN , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
aetna life & casualty gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , cigna advanced 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , travelers added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and american international group rose 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 . 
comprehensive care plunged 9 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
the company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some UNKNOWN debt payments . 
tw services dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 following the UNKNOWN of a $ 9.9 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted coniston partners to complete its takeover of the company . 
coniston said it would pursue `` various financing alternatives . '' 
ual stock declined by 9 to 999 after nobody surfaced to claim credit for aggressive buying tuesday by bear stearns that sent ual stock up 99 points in a matter of hours . 
tuesday 's rumored buyer , coniston partners , would n't comment on speculation that coniston , which battled the ual board in 9999 , might challenge the board 's decision monday to remain independent . 
other airline stocks were mixed . 
amr , which owns american airlines , rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 ; usair group fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and delta air lines rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after posting higher earnings for the september quarter . 
stocks that reportedly benefited tuesday from a japanese buy program handled by painewebber gave back some of their gains . 
procter & gamble went down 9 9\/9 to 999 , dow jones fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and rockwell international dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
however , atlantic richfield UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN advance in the previous session and added 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 . 
general mills gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
goldman sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 9999 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from UNKNOWN to general mills . 
UNKNOWN dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
manville advanced 9\/9 to 99 . 
the company offered to purchase $ 999 million of convertible preferred stock from the trust that UNKNOWN its payments to asbestos victims . 
di UNKNOWN gained 9 to 99 9\/9 after the company said it is starting negotiations with UNKNOWN parties interested in acquiring its units . 
investor arthur goldberg is pursuing a $ 99-a-share takeover offer . 
esselte business systems rose 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
esselte ab of sweden offered $ 99.99 a share for the 99 % of the company it does n't already own . 
public service of new hampshire went up 9\/9 to 9 . 
northeast utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $ 999 million , to $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN , which declared a 9-for-9 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 99 % , added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
also , the company posted improved third-quarter earnings . 
the american stock exchange market value index fell 9.99 to 999.99 . 
volume totaled 9,999,999 shares . 
mission UNKNOWN partners lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the partnership , which had UNKNOWN takeover offers , said it failed to receive any adequate bids for all of its operations but is reviewing offers for individual properties . 
japan is going on a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that could make its trade UNKNOWN even harder to UNKNOWN . 
its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row , and its UNKNOWN producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , UNKNOWN factories and develop new products . 
`` the boom 's so huge , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an economist at UNKNOWN research institute , `` it makes you think of the golden '99s , '' when japan developed rapidly . 
the more factories and UNKNOWN japanese manufacturers add , the more they will be able to export , and the less their domestic customers will need to import . 
at UNKNOWN inc. , for example , sales are up nearly 99 % this year ; so , the maker of cameras and computer printers is doing what any japanese company would do under the circumstances : it is increasing capital spending -- by 99 % . 
it is building , among other things , a new UNKNOWN factory in western japan that can produce up to 999,999 printers next year . 
some 99 % of them are to be UNKNOWN to the u.s. . 
even companies in UNKNOWN industries UNKNOWN with world-wide UNKNOWN are joining the boom . 
japan 's steelmakers are raising capital spending 99 % this year to $ 9.9 billion . 
hitachi UNKNOWN corp. , a UNKNOWN buried in debt just a few years ago , will build a machinery plant , its first expansion in 99 years . 
so big is the UNKNOWN boom that japanese companies ' outlays in japan topped american companies ' domestic outlays by $ 999.9 billion to $ 999.9 billion in the 99 months ended march 99 even though japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds america 's . 
from a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time . 
many japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year , and japanese interest rates , though up a bit recently , are still low . 
and in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can UNKNOWN their profits back into plant and equipment . 
but some economists and government officials here are n't UNKNOWN . 
they fear that the boom may be too big for japan 's or anyone else 's good . 
`` it 's an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' thrown at the world , says kenneth UNKNOWN , senior economist at the tokyo unit of deutsche bank group . 
the ministry of international trade and industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending . 
UNKNOWN officials hope to avoid UNKNOWN source of trade UNKNOWN with the u.s. even though export UNKNOWN currently limit japanese car exports to the u.s. . 
not everyone is worried , however . 
some economists -- and many japanese companies -- are UNKNOWN by the warnings . 
the investment boom is mainly sparked , they say , by strong domestic demand and is n't likely to increase exports sharply . 
moreover , much investment is n't aimed at increasing capacity . 
according to a survey of some 9,999 large companies by the japan development bank , expanded capacity is the goal of just 99.9 % of the outlays ; for manufacturers alone , the figure is 99 % . 
the manufacturers said 99.9 % of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones , 99.9 % is to cut costs , 99.9 % is for research and development , and the rest is for maintenance and other purposes . 
but the UNKNOWN remain UNKNOWN . 
with japan running enormous trade UNKNOWN against much of the world , they think that japan should meet the increased domestic demand by importing more . 
and eventually , they contend , domestic demand will weaken , forcing companies to UNKNOWN exports again . 
`` if there 's a further drive to export , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an economist at the japan development bank , `` that 'll be a problem . '' 
even in the short run , the investment boom could UNKNOWN a disturbing trend : japanese exports are showing surprisingly little tendency to ease . 
japanese auto makers , for example , are increasing their production capacity in the u.s. ; the additional production should , in part , replace imported vehicles with locally manufactured ones . 
but although japanese companies increased their u.s. auto output by 99 % from january to september compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the u.s. will drop only 9 % this year , nikko research center estimates . 
in contrast to previous economic UNKNOWN , japanese auto companies are n't just trying to boost production . 
many are UNKNOWN money into developing high-quality products to target affluent consumers and , to some extent , to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from south korea and taiwan . 
others are replacing older facilities with flexible assembly lines on which different models can be turned out at once . 
so many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that UNKNOWN ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant . 
the buildup is `` making japan clearly more efficient , more UNKNOWN advanced and more competitive , '' declares a western UNKNOWN in tokyo . 
but whatever its effects on exports and imports , japan 's investment boom during the past two years has been UNKNOWN at least partly by soaring domestic demand . 
japan 's marathon economy , growing at 9.9 % this year , is now in its 99th month of expansion , and some economists are betting that the boom will UNKNOWN the record 99-month expansion in the late 9999s . 
japanese consumers are increasingly eager to spend their money , especially on high-priced goods such as UNKNOWN television sets and luxury cars . 
nissan motor co. 's domestic auto sales are up 99 % this year largely because its expensive UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN models are in heavy demand . 
`` one dealer told me that if he had more cars , he 'd sell them right away , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , nissan executive vice president . 
he adds that the company is trying to keep up with demand `` by UNKNOWN '' its employees . 
similarly , honda motor co. 's sales are so brisk that workers UNKNOWN they have n't had a saturday off in years , despite the government 's UNKNOWN of more leisure activity . 
with demand growing and workers in short supply , many japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on UNKNOWN . 
among them are the UNKNOWN , which had UNKNOWN their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are UNKNOWN an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
UNKNOWN heavy industries co. , a medium-sized UNKNOWN , expects its sales to increase 99 % this year , largely because of rising demand for oil UNKNOWN . 
once one japanese company steps up its investments , the whole industry follows . 
because most businesses put market share above profitability , to let a competitor 's addition to capacity go UNKNOWN is to concede defeat . 
the emphasis on market share is evident at UNKNOWN industries ltd. , japan 's biggest maker of industrial air UNKNOWN . 
seeing new office buildings UNKNOWN up and its sales soar , UNKNOWN is building another plant , which will lift its production capacity 99 % . 
the expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 99 % from 99 % currently . 
besides , UNKNOWN 's major competitors , hitachi ltd. and mitsubishi heavy industries ltd. , `` are all adding production lines , '' a UNKNOWN spokesman says . 
`` until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
but we ca n't produce enough anymore . '' 
the competition is even more UNKNOWN in the auto industry , where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market . 
nissan aims to expand its 99 % share of the market to 99 % by spending $ 999 million on a plant in southern japan that could make as many as 999,999 cars a year . 
meanwhile , toyota motor corp. 's $ 999 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 999,999 cars , and honda is spending $ 999 million on expansion . 
UNKNOWN motor corp. is still considering its options , but it UNKNOWN aims to double its annual domestic sales to 999,999 cars in the next four years . 
those who are n't worried about how japanese manufacturers ' investments will affect trade note that many new products are n't UNKNOWN for imports . 
although imports account for less than 9 % of beer sales in japan , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ltd. , which has been gaining share with its popular dry beer , plans to fend off japanese competitors by UNKNOWN $ 9.99 billion into facilities to UNKNOWN 99 % more beer . 
but UNKNOWN development will make japanese companies stronger , and big investments in `` domestic '' industries such as beer will make it even tougher for foreign competitors to crack the japanese market . 
moreover , much of the investment boom is in high-tech fields in which japanese companies have only limited foreign competition ; so , more investment UNKNOWN UNKNOWN more exports . 
toshiba corp. , for example , is spending $ 999 million on two new plants to build UNKNOWN dynamic random access memories , the next generation of computer chips . 
the product is n't widely used yet , but toshiba , which has already UNKNOWN everyone else in producing the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN drams , believes that its early investment will UNKNOWN its chances of UNKNOWN its competitors again . 
`` it 's important to gain leadership , '' a toshiba spokesman says . 
meanwhile , toshiba 's japanese rivals , hitachi , fujitsu ltd. and nec corp. , are n't sitting still . 
after doubling production in one plant , nec is spending $ 999 million to build another plant that , in two years , will be able to make a million UNKNOWN drams a year . 
the new chip plants `` wo n't be excessive investment , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an nec vice president . 
`` we have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products . '' 
some of japan 's goods being produced as a result of the investment boom are already successful overseas . 
toyota 's $ 99,999 UNKNOWN automobile , a luxury model that it started shipping to the u.s. only last month , is UNKNOWN up orders at a time when UNKNOWN luxury-car sales are slow . 
toyota plans to raise UNKNOWN exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
what if its sales weaken UNKNOWN ? 
japanese companies have a UNKNOWN competitor attitude . 
if excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer . 
the losers will be those with the least attractive products , and many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies . 
benjamin franklin federal savings & loan association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 9.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , reflecting an $ 99 million addition to loan-loss reserves . 
the UNKNOWN , ore. , thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the financial institution reform , recovery and enforcement act . 
a year ago , benjamin franklin had profit of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
in over-the-counter trading yesterday , benjamin franklin rose 99 cents to $ 9.99 . 
the company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions . 
the plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and UNKNOWN down or UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN units within 99 months . 
initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop UNKNOWN new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . 
details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said . 
amdahl corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing UNKNOWN by competitors and adverse effects from a strong u.s. dollar . 
net income fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected . 
jay stevens , an analyst with dean witter reynolds , said he expected the sunnyvale , calif. , company to earn 99 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from international business machines corp. , amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 
UNKNOWN ltd. declared a 99 % stock dividend , payable dec. 99 to stock of record nov. 99 . 
the UNKNOWN , n.y. , maker of consumer , UNKNOWN and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 99 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates . 
the cash dividend paid on the common stock also will apply to the new shares , the company said . 
the move rewards shareholders and should improve the stock 's liquidity , UNKNOWN said . 
the company has about 9.9 million shares outstanding . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , UNKNOWN 's shares closed at $ 99.999 a share , unchanged . 
federal health officials are expected today to approve a program UNKNOWN UNKNOWN access to the drug azt for children with acquired immune UNKNOWN syndrome . 
announcement of the approval is expected to be made by louis sullivan , secretary of health and human services . 
the UNKNOWN by the food and drug administration comes after two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of aids to the only UNKNOWN drug yet cleared to treat the UNKNOWN disease . 
the drug will be given treatment UNKNOWN new drug status , a label UNKNOWN to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval . 
the move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced UNKNOWN . 
adults with aids have had access to azt since fda approved the drug 's usage for adults in march 9999 . 
but despite more than two years of research showing azt can UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval for use in the youngest patients . 
as a result , many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug and , for the few UNKNOWN , insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 9,999 a year . 
so far , aids has UNKNOWN 9,999 children under age 99 , with many times that number believed to carry the UNKNOWN without symptoms . 
to date , 9,999 of those children have died , according to the federal centers for disease control . 
mothers of young aids patients expressed UNKNOWN satisfaction . 
`` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN it 's happening . 
it should have happened sooner , '' said elizabeth UNKNOWN , a los angeles mother and activist who contracted the aids virus through a blood UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN it to two of her children . 
one of them , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , died a year ago at age seven after her parents unsuccessfully pleaded for the drug . 
`` i could get azt , '' says mrs. UNKNOWN , who bears her UNKNOWN without any symptoms . 
`` but my UNKNOWN could n't , until she was too ill to take it . 
to watch your child die is an UNKNOWN experience . '' 
her son , healthy and UNKNOWN , currently takes no UNKNOWN . 
the delay in getting azt to children has been blamed on a combination of factors . 
traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult UNKNOWN for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape . 
UNKNOWN , critics have charged azt 's maker UNKNOWN wellcome co. with corporate UNKNOWN because children account for just 9 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market . 
wellcome has UNKNOWN that it is moving ahead to UNKNOWN the relevant data , and recently promised to develop a pediatric UNKNOWN form easier for youngsters to take . 
still , all this comes nearly a year and a half after philip UNKNOWN of the national cancer institute offered evidence that azt could reverse the UNKNOWN of aids UNKNOWN , sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of UNKNOWN levels and UNKNOWN of lost motor skills . 
since then , roughly 99 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program . 
to some mothers , the expected fda action is a UNKNOWN reminder of what might have been . 
`` my first reaction is i do n't understand why it 's taken so long . 
why has it taken people so long for people to understand pediatric aids is a major problem ? '' asked UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whose son samuel died six years ago at age three , victim of a tainted UNKNOWN . 
similar UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN on capitol hill . 
`` while i 'm pleased the fda is finally UNKNOWN azt for children , it 's taken much too long to get to this point , '' said rep. ted weiss . 
`` why did it take UNKNOWN wellcome so long to apply '' for treatment UNKNOWN new drug status ? the new york democrat asked . 
`` let 's not forget this is the same company that has been UNKNOWN with this drug for 9 9\/9 years , '' mr. weiss added . 
mrs. UNKNOWN , who is a UNKNOWN of the pediatric aids foundation , based in santa UNKNOWN , calif. , UNKNOWN neither bureaucratic nor corporate UNKNOWN . 
`` there 's no UNKNOWN to be pointed , '' she said . 
`` the crucial thing is that we learn our lesson well , and to make sure other experimental drugs , like bristol-myers co. 's UNKNOWN , do n't follow the same UNKNOWN course as azt . '' 
aids UNKNOWN -- which gradually UNKNOWN children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome . 
for some patients , azt has restored the ability to ride a UNKNOWN or solve UNKNOWN , giving back a piece of their UNKNOWN if only temporarily . 
`` it 's impossible to UNKNOWN how much this means to the families of these patients , '' said samuel UNKNOWN , director of the national cancer institute and a main developer of azt . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & truck corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock . 
currently , UNKNOWN , based in santa UNKNOWN , calif. , has 9.9 million common shares outstanding . 
about 9.9 million class c warrants were issued , the company said . 
each of the class c warrants will enable the holders to purchase one share of common stock at $ 9.99 . 
the warrants may be exercised until 99 days after their issue date . 
UNKNOWN also said it will issue an additional 999,999 of the class c warrants to holders of its class a , class b and UNKNOWN warrants . 
issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised . 
the big board plans to launch its own vehicle for program trading today amid growing controversy over the practice . 
the new `` baskets '' of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 999 s&p index stocks in a single trade . 
the exchange argues that the product , which the sec temporarily approved yesterday , will help ease rather than UNKNOWN any volatility in the stock market . 
sec chairman breeden said he would consider imposing `` circuit breakers '' to halt program trading during sharp swings in the market . 
kemper financial services has stopped UNKNOWN its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which kemper and others say is UNKNOWN the market . 
the main capital-gains tax plan in the senate is n't winning support from democrats who favor a reduction . 
the trend is making proponents less optimistic a tax cut will pass . 
bethlehem steel 's profit plunged 99 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients . 
also , armco and national intergroup had lower operating profit in steel , marking what may be the end of a two-year industry boom . 
columbia s&l posted a quarterly loss of $ 999.9 million as the beverly hills thrift UNKNOWN from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds . 
UNKNOWN plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a price war as the beer industry 's growth UNKNOWN . 
ps new hampshire received a sweetened bid from another suitor , united illuminating , which valued its new proposal at $ 9.99 billion , apparently UNKNOWN all others so far . 
financial markets quieted , with stock prices UNKNOWN lower , bonds UNKNOWN up and the dollar almost unchanged . 
the dow jones industrials closed off 9.99 points , at 9999.99 . 
fed chairman greenspan said the central bank can UNKNOWN out inflation without causing a recession , but doing so will UNKNOWN short-term UNKNOWN . 
gm 's hughes electronics unit said profit slid 99 % in the third quarter . 
the finance unit , UNKNOWN , said net fell 9.9 % , but UNKNOWN 's profit rose 99 % . 
campeau reportedly may receive a $ 9.9 billion offer for bloomingdale 's from tokyu department store of japan . 
campeau declined to comment . 
ual 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key to any future takeover bid for the airline . 
provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to UNKNOWN on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
also , chairman UNKNOWN lortie resigned . 
westinghouse expects operating margins of over 99 % and sharply higher earnings per share next year due to a major restructuring . 
some major u.s. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by bush to UNKNOWN trade and reduce UNKNOWN subsidies . 
markets -- 
stocks : volume 999,999,999 shares . 
dow jones industrials 9999.99 , off 9.99 ; transportation 9999.99 , off 99.99 ; utilities 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 9999.99 , up 
commodities : dow jones futures index 999.99 , up 9.99 ; spot index 999.99 , off 9.99 . 
dollar : 999.99 yen , up 9.99 ; 9.9999 marks , off 9.9999 . 
gorbachev said moscow wo n't UNKNOWN in east bloc moves to democracy . 
the UNKNOWN leader , on the first day of a UNKNOWN official visit to UNKNOWN , assured finland 's president that the soviet union has `` no moral or political right '' to UNKNOWN with moves toward democracy in poland , hungary or elsewhere in eastern europe . 
in moscow , the soviet state bank announced a 99 % UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb a black market for hard currency . 
the action will establish a two-tier exchange rate . 
workers at six mines in UNKNOWN circle coal fields called strikes over a series of economic and political demands . 
the move UNKNOWN a law , approved in moscow this month , banning such UNKNOWN . 
the house failed to override bush 's veto of a bill easing abortion funding . 
the chamber voted 999-999 , 99 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to UNKNOWN the president 's veto of legislation UNKNOWN support of medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
the roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the UNKNOWN abortion-rights movement faces . 
the legislation was part of a $ 999.9 billion measure funding the departments of labor , education , and health . 
michigan 's senate passed a bill requiring UNKNOWN to get parental consent for an abortion and pennsylvania 's house cleared a measure banning abortions after the 99th week of pregnancy . 
the fda is expected to approve today a program UNKNOWN access free of charge to the drug azt for children with aids . 
adults have had access to the only approved UNKNOWN drug since 9999 . 
research shows azt can UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and other symptoms in children , 9,999 of whom are known to have been infected . 
congress sent to bush a $ 9.99 billion emergency package to assist in the recovery from last week 's california earthquake and from hurricane hugo . 
the action came after the senate approved the house-passed measure . 
in the san francisco bay area , more than 99,999 people were homeless and UNKNOWN threatened more houses . 
house-senate conferees agreed to continue production of grumman corp. 's f-99 jet and to provide more than $ 9.9 billion during the current fiscal year to develop a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN system . 
the final package is expected to be announced within the next week . 
the white house has decided to seek changes in UNKNOWN law that are aimed at UNKNOWN the removal of UNKNOWN chemicals from the food supply . 
the changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN found on fresh and processed foods , officials said . 
east german leader krenz said he was willing to hold talks with opposition groups pressing for internal changes . 
the communist party chief , facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 99 years , also said he would allow east germans to travel abroad more freely , but made clear that the berlin wall would remain . 
a UNKNOWN christian alliance accepted an UNKNOWN proposal aimed at ending lebanon 's 99-year-old civil war . 
the move by the coalition of political parties and lebanon 's largest christian UNKNOWN isolated military chief aoun , who has rejected the plan , which includes political changes and a syrian troop withdrawal from UNKNOWN . 
baker offered to review israel 's `` suggested changes '' to his proposal for direct UNKNOWN talks . 
but the secretary of state advised israel that attempting to overhaul the UNKNOWN plan UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the negotiations aimed at mideast peace . 
nato defense ministers said the 99-nation alliance continues to need a strong nuclear strategy despite political changes in eastern europe . 
the ministers , UNKNOWN a two-day meeting in southern portugal , welcomed moscow 's UNKNOWN to cut its military forces , but urged the soviets to do more to slash UNKNOWN nuclear weapons . 
the justice department indicated a possible challenge to a court order allowing former national security adviser UNKNOWN to subpoena UNKNOWN reagan 's personal papers for use in the defense case against iran-contra charges . 
a department spokesman said the ruling `` raised a serious question '' about the office of the president . 
bush said washington would continue a trade UNKNOWN against nicaragua , UNKNOWN that the central american country UNKNOWN `` an unusual and extraordinary threat '' to the security of the u.s. . 
meanwhile , secretary of state baker said the u.s. UNKNOWN to moscow over shipments of east bloc arms to UNKNOWN rebels from UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , brazil , and at least 99 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead . 
the city 's mayor vowed to take legal action against developers who had been UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN of the hill . 
czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between UNKNOWN 's communist government and independent UNKNOWN or dissident groups . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , ending a two-day visit to UNKNOWN , pledged changes in czechoslovakia , including UNKNOWN travel to the west . 
died : mary UNKNOWN , 99 , UNKNOWN and literary critic , in new york city , of cancer ... . 
marion UNKNOWN , 99 , founder and UNKNOWN executive of interpublic group of cos. , in oklahoma city , of a heart attack . 
UNKNOWN coors co. said william k. coors , chairman , assumed the additional responsibilities of president , succeeding jeffrey h. coors . 
jeffrey coors , 99 years old , had been president since 9999 , when he succeeded his father joseph in the job . 
but the UNKNOWN said jeffrey coors voluntarily gave up the position to focus more of his energy on coors technology co. , a small unit of coors he has run for several years . 
a coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase william coors 's influence or reduce the influence of jeffrey coors , peter coors or joseph coors jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
`` it certainly was n't intended to be a UNKNOWN , '' the spokesman said . 
`` UNKNOWN and jeff and joe jr. have taken over the UNKNOWN and are doing most of the work . 
we do n't think this will affect that . '' 
jeffrey , peter and joseph jr. are brothers . 
william coors is their uncle . 
jeffrey , peter , joseph jr. , william and joseph sr. constitute the company 's board . 
peter coors runs the coors brewing co. unit , the nation 's UNKNOWN brewery that accounted for $ 9.99 billion of UNKNOWN coors 's $ 9.99 billion in 9999 sales . 
joseph jr. runs coors UNKNOWN co. , the other operating unit , which had about $ 999 million in 9999 sales . 
dun & bradstreet corp. said business failures fell 99.9 % to 99,999 in the third quarter from 99,999 in the year-earlier period . 
in the first nine months of this year , business failures dropped 99.9 % to 99,999 from 99,999 . 
except for a few spots , notably georgia , virginia and michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
the current decline in failures continues a trend begun in late 9999 , UNKNOWN said . 
the drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , UNKNOWN an overall lack of stress in the u.s. economy , the company said . 
failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 99 % in the nine months . 
the south atlantic states were the only region to report an increase in UNKNOWN , up 9.9 % to 9,999 from 9,999 . 
this occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
the only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where UNKNOWN grew 9.9 % to 9,999 from 9,999 . 
the troubled savings-and-loan industry and subsequent stress in real-estate businesses fueled UNKNOWN in this sector , UNKNOWN said . 
a major tokyo newspaper reported that a japanese department store concern is planning to offer about $ 9.9 billion to buy bloomingdale 's . 
campeau corp. , the chain 's owner , declined to comment on the report . 
a spokeswoman said toronto-based campeau has received `` UNKNOWN of interest '' in bloomingdale 's , but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported wednesday that tokyu department store co. is planning to team up with u.s. and western european financing to buy the new york-based retail chain , which campeau has put up for sale . 
the service did n't identify its tokyu sources . 
`` this is the first of many rumors we expect to hear during the sale 's process , '' said a bloomingdale 's spokesman . 
`` we wo n't comment on them . '' 
tokyu executives were n't available for comment early thursday morning in tokyo . 
campeau 's chairman , robert campeau , said at its annual meeting in july that he valued bloomingdale 's at $ 9 billion . 
among previously disclosed possible bidders is bloomingdale 's chairman marvin UNKNOWN , who has UNKNOWN himself with drexel burnham lambert inc. and UNKNOWN group . 
investment bankers in tokyo confirmed that tokyu department store is one of several japanese companies that has been approached by representatives of a management committee headed by bloomingdale 's mr. UNKNOWN . 
but they said detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers . 
`` nobody is going to make a real bid before the middle of november , '' said one investment banker familiar with the discussions in japan . 
`` tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand . 
but it 's in very early stages still . '' 
bloomingdale 's is a UNKNOWN chain acquired last year by campeau in its $ 9.9 billion acquisition of federated . 
bloomingdale 's does an estimated $ 9.9 billion in annual sales . 
the sale of bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by toronto-based olympia & york developments ltd. to arrange $ 999 million in bridge financing for campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , federated department stores inc. and allied stores corp. , were strapped for cash . 
UNKNOWN , owned by toronto 's UNKNOWN family , is also UNKNOWN major restructuring and refinancing of campeau , a toronto-based real estate and retailing company . 
one executive familiar with the bloomingdale 's situation said , `` no book has been issued regarding bloomingdale 's , there are no projections , so i doubt very much whether any bid has been made . '' 
separately , a campeau shareholder filed suit , charging campeau , chairman robert campeau and other officers with violating securities law . 
the suit , filed in u.s. district court in manhattan , seeks class-action status . 
the suit UNKNOWN the retailer and several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs . 
the suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition . 
a spokesman for the company said campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment . 
mccaw cellular communications inc. must extend its offer for lin broadcasting corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , lin said in new york . 
according to securities and exchange commission rules , mccaw is required to keep its offer for the UNKNOWN and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , lin said . 
mccaw 's offer is scheduled to expire tomorrow . 
last week , mccaw said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its bid to control lin broadcasting . 
the banks jointly committed $ 9.9 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , mccaw said . 
a spokesman for mccaw said the company was `` moving forward with our financing . '' 
he added that `` hopefully lin will conduct a fair auction . '' 
mccaw wants to buy 99 million shares of lin for $ 999 each , or $ 9.99 billion , which would result in mccaw 's owning 99.9 % of lin . 
the offer is in UNKNOWN , however , because lin has agreed to merge its UNKNOWN businesses with bellsouth corp . 
in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , lin rose 99 cents , to $ 999.99 . 
UNKNOWN institute declared a 9-for-9 split of its common stock , payable nov. 99 to stock of record nov. 99 . 
the UNKNOWN testing services holding company is based in san UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , calif . 
stateswest airlines , phoenix , ariz. , said it sent a more detailed merger proposal to UNKNOWN mesa airlines . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN mesa has consistently rejected stateswest 's offers , and early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it `` UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN '' because it did n't describe the source of funds or the specific terms of stateswest securities which were part of the offer . 
the new letter UNKNOWN to do this , saying that in addition to $ 9 a share in cash , stateswest would offer one share of new 9 % convertible preferred stock of stateswest it values at $ 9 a share . 
it also said the cash portion of the transaction would be financed with stateswest 's own cash and short-term investments , plus debt and other financing arranged through UNKNOWN brown & co. , the company 's investment banker . 
in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , mesa closed at $ 9.99 , up 99 cents . 
stateswest asked mesa to UNKNOWN by oct. 99 . 
mesa president larry UNKNOWN said his board had received stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it . 
spiegel inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 99 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 99 % increase in revenue . 
the catalog retailer reported net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , up sharply from $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
spiegel said margins improved because its inventory position this year did n't need the costly UNKNOWN required to trim last year 's UNKNOWN levels . 
a spokeswoman said the apparel market UNKNOWN in the first half of 9999 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year . 
`` we 've seen continued improvement in 9999 , '' she said . 
the year-ago quarter 's results were UNKNOWN by expenses associated with spiegel 's $ 999 million acquisition of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , spiegel noted . 
in addition , the company said ongoing cost-cutting efforts contributed to the latest period 's earnings UNKNOWN . 
spiegel is UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN family of west germany . 
in national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 99.9 cents to $ 99.999 . 
for the latest nine months , spiegel 's net climbed a solid 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents . 
unlike the quarter 's results , which were based on roughly equal shares outstanding , nine-month per-share figures reflect an increase in average common shares outstanding to 99.9 million from 99 million . 
nine-month revenue was $ 9.99 billion , up 99 % from $ 999.9 million . 
the bad news in the junk bond market yesterday was that tw services , a group of restaurant chains , became the latest prospective issuer to get a cold shoulder from bond buyers . 
the good news -- to fans of stable credit , at least -- is what the rejection says about the state of mind of junk buyers . 
apparently they are learning to say no to excess risk . 
coniston partners , which with related entities controls 99 % of tw , had been planning to sell $ 9.99 billion of junk bonds , among other things to finance their acquisition of the remaining public shares . 
but coniston , a new york partnership managed by the firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & oliver , yesterday announced that `` in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets '' the offering would be postponed and restructured . 
what was n't mentioned is that coniston and its investment banker , donaldson , lufkin & jenrette , just completed a UNKNOWN `` road show '' for the purpose of marketing the bonds . 
and investors , at least for now , took a pass . 
tw 's junk bonds were n't , as junk bonds go , unusually weak . 
its fast-food restaurants -- including UNKNOWN 's , UNKNOWN 's , UNKNOWN 's and el UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in UNKNOWN chicken '' ) -- are stable , UNKNOWN and growing . 
but unless they continued to grow , tw , based in UNKNOWN , n.j. , would have run into trouble . 
until recently , such UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN deals were routine . 
`` but people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , '' says jack UNKNOWN , who manages the high-yield fund of UNKNOWN financial services . 
`` investors , '' he adds , `` are getting UNKNOWN . '' 
the tw buy-out may yet be financed . 
`` there is nothing wrong with the company , '' says coniston principal paul UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before . 
tw 's UNKNOWN meeting was postponed from tomorrow to nov. 99 . 
by then , dlj hopes to be able to sell UNKNOWN junk bonds . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & oliver is likely to contribute more than the $ 999 million in equity it had planned on . 
banks may contribute more senior debt . 
and the total amount of junk financing will be reduced . 
a dlj banker , putting a best possible face on it , asserts that `` very few people said they did n't like the credit quality . 
people said they did n't think a UNKNOWN deal would trade . '' 
but trading risk stems from credit risk . 
and by adding equity , dlj would seem to be UNKNOWN that credit risk was a concern . 
indeed , the dlj banker says , in the UNKNOWN capital structure cash coverage of interest `` will UNKNOWN improve . '' 
as he sums it up : `` we are listening to the market . '' 
what is it , to borrow a term from coniston , that so unsettled the market ? 
some of the same risks that were cited -- and seemingly ignored -- in dozens of previous junk offerings . 
the tw prospectus says that if the acquisition had been completed earlier , pretax earnings `` would have been UNKNOWN to cover its fixed charges , including interest on debt securities , '' by approximately $ 99.9 million in the first six months of 9999 . 
tw notes , as many junk issuers do , that `` adjusted to eliminate UNKNOWN charges '' tw would have run a cash surplus -- in this case , of $ 99 million over six months . 
but such calculations ignore the UNKNOWN charge of depreciation , taken to allow for the gradual wearing out of french UNKNOWN , deterioration of stores and the like . 
in fact , dlj says , the company UNKNOWN capital expenses of about $ 999 million a year . 
tw 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn . 
but they wo n't necessarily eat at UNKNOWN 's . 
the fast-food business is `` UNKNOWN competitive , '' notes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN analyst john UNKNOWN . 
prospective bond buyers noted that tw historically has UNKNOWN because it has been willing to spend aggressively on UNKNOWN restaurants and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` we were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt . 
dlj argues that tw could , if necessary , cut capital spending , since half of what it plans to spend is for `` growth , '' rather than maintenance . 
but investors noted that under the UNKNOWN offering , tw would have needed to grow to meet its debt payments . 
its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 99 million a year in interest on UNKNOWN , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid . 
the prospectus notes `` there can be no assurance '' that future growth will continue at past levels . 
in the recent past , bond buyers did n't seek such assurance . 
now , apparently , they do . 
tw services 
( nyse ; symbol : tw ) 
business : restaurants 
year ended dec. 99 , 9999 \* 
revenue : $ 9.99 billion 
net income : $ 99.9 million ; $ 9.99 a share \*\* 
third quarter , sept. 99 , 9999 : ( net loss : 9 cents share ) vs. net income : 99 cents a share 
average daily trading volume : 999,999 shares 
common shares outstanding : 99 million 
\* includes results of UNKNOWN 's inc. , acquired in september 
\*\* includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
UNKNOWN thatcher must be doing something right ; her political UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN than ever . 
mrs. thatcher , who was practicing the UNKNOWN school of politics years before mr. bush encountered it , has made clear her opposition to UNKNOWN britain 's free-market policies to suit the bureaucrats in brussels . 
in return , mrs. thatcher is UNKNOWN from fleet street to paris as an UNKNOWN . 
well , it now turns out that mrs. thatcher had to travel across the globe to the 99-member commonwealth summit in kuala lumpur to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN order of consensus builders . 
`` a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in malaysia , '' UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN guardian . 
`` she can no longer be UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN -- that is UNKNOWN -- fashion when abroad . '' 
UNKNOWN . 
canada 's brian UNKNOWN and australia 's bob UNKNOWN , the paper said , were `` UNKNOWN . '' 
the london times said she had `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
as usual , her UNKNOWN was saying what she thought . 
she issued a separate statement , UNKNOWN herself from a commonwealth document UNKNOWN the political value of imposing sanctions against south africa . 
while supporting the commonwealth `` in utterly UNKNOWN apartheid , '' her statement urged it to `` encourage change '' rather than UNKNOWN further UNKNOWN on the country 's black population . 
actually there is a consensus somewhere on sanctions : in may a UNKNOWN poll found that most south african blacks , 99 % , oppose economic sanctions . 
still , mrs. thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
malaysia 's prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , `` if everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot , you are out of step . '' 
mrs. thatcher : `` if it 's one against 99 , i 'm very UNKNOWN for the 99 . '' 
if indeed mrs. thatcher has one opponent that could throw her off political course it is britain 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inflation problem . 
we can not , however , join the political UNKNOWN that as one UNKNOWN how UNKNOWN it is that mrs. thatcher refuses to get along by going along . 
it is UNKNOWN to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to UNKNOWN compromise those UNKNOWN . 
perhaps mrs. thatcher UNKNOWN better than those distressed at her style that ultimately history and britain 's voters will decide who is right about europe , UNKNOWN south africa or running britain 's economy . 
follow with care 
`` work hard , play hard '' is advice best taken with some caution , for it can bring UNKNOWN and success or a state of total UNKNOWN . 
-- edward f. UNKNOWN . 
double check 
the guest paid his bill at the resort hotel , and as he UNKNOWN he noticed a sign saying , `` have you left anything ? '' 
the man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` that sign is wrong , '' he said . 
`` it should read , `` have you anything left ? '' 
-- sam UNKNOWN . 
after being UNKNOWN in tuesday 's selling UNKNOWN , the nasdaq over-the-counter market UNKNOWN itself off and moved on in moderate trading . 
but while the composite gained 9.99 , to 999.99 , many issues did n't participate in the advance . 
`` it was a mixed bag , '' said richard bruno , who heads over-the-counter trading at painewebber . 
`` we played UNKNOWN in some areas , and sold off in some others . '' 
volume totaled 999.9 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
of the 9,999 issues that changed hands , 9,999 advanced and 999 declined . 
big financial stocks carried the day . 
the nasdaq financial index rose 9.99 , to 999.99 . 
meanwhile , the nasdaq 999 index of the big UNKNOWN stocks basically stood still , easing 9.99 , to 999.99 . 
despite the composite 's advance , some trading officials are UNKNOWN optimistic that the market is on the road to recovery . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head of over-the-counter trading at kidder peabody , said it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday 's trading volume . 
the advance felt more like a technical UNKNOWN , he said . 
`` the market acted better , but it was n't a tremendous comeback , '' mr. UNKNOWN observed . 
`` if we get a decent rally { today } , maybe the buyers will come back . '' 
if UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN is right , a UNKNOWN may come in handy during the next few sessions . 
the president of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN expects the market to be `` very UNKNOWN '' for a while . 
`` there 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
among active stocks , mci communications rose 9\/9 to 99 on 9.9 million shares , UNKNOWN graphics added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on turnover of 9.9 million shares . 
apple computer dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on one million shares . 
almost one million shares of sun microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 99 9\/9 . 
biotechnology issues were strong . 
amgen advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 ; chiron jumped 9 to 99 9\/9 ; UNKNOWN gained 9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the american depositary receipts of jaguar jumped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on turnover of 9.9 million . 
ford motor said it raised its stake in the british car maker to 99.99 % of the ordinary shares outstanding . 
in a securities and exchange commission filing , ford said it holds 99.9 million ordinary shares . 
the company has said it is prepared to make a bid for all of the shares outstanding of jaguar if british government restrictions to such a transaction are removed . 
another takeover target , lin broadcasting , rose 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
its suitor , mccaw cellular , also added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
UNKNOWN , which recently said third-quarter net income rose to 99 cents a share from a penny a share a year ago , gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
the 9999 results included a one-time gain . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rose 99\/99 , or 99 % , to 9 9\/9 on volume of 999,999 shares . 
the maker of software products and services , which had a net loss in the 9999 third quarter , earned 999,999 , or a penny a share , in this year 's quarter . 
it was nasdaq 's biggest percentage UNKNOWN . 
star states plunged 9 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
the company suffered a $ 9 million loss in the third quarter , compared with net of $ 9.9 million a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
in its UNKNOWN quarter ended sept. 99 , the UNKNOWN maker earned 99 cents a share , up from eight cents a share in the 9999 quarter , which included an extraordinary credit . 
UNKNOWN care health fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
the company 's third-quarter earnings also rose to 99 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago . 
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 99-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 99 days . 
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 999-day estimate . 
one day last march , cbs sports president neal pilson and olympics UNKNOWN barry frank met for lunch at the UNKNOWN club here . 
mr. frank told mr. pilson that olympics officials wanted $ 999 million or more for tv rights to the 9999 winter games in UNKNOWN . 
the cbs official said that price UNKNOWN fine . 
at that price , cbs was the only player at the table when negotiations with the international olympic committee started in toronto aug. 99 . 
dick pound , a committee member , began by UNKNOWN that abc and nbc had refused to even bid . 
then , he asked mr. pilson to raise his offer anyway : `` if we can have a number that starts with a three , you can have a UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. pilson and his team UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN and took just 99 minutes to return with a $ 999 million offer . 
mr. pound responded , `` it 's a deal . '' 
a UNKNOWN mr. pilson announced his UNKNOWN coup at a news conference that afternoon . 
mr. pilson 's rivals at abc and nbc UNKNOWN at the price . 
how could cbs get pushed into UNKNOWN itself ? 
well , cbs , UNKNOWN in the ratings UNKNOWN and looking to sports as a way out , wanted to close the deal immediately and block its rivals from getting another chance to bid . 
but mr. pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid . 
`` the price of UNKNOWN has gone up , '' UNKNOWN charles m. UNKNOWN , the college football association 's executive director . 
with cbs inc. on a spending spree that may top $ 9.9 billion for four years of major sports events , the new UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN could UNKNOWN the entire broadcast business . 
cbs itself could run up losses of a few hundred million dollars on four years of various sports if its big gamble goes wrong . 
abc , a unit of capital cities / abc inc. , and general electric co. 's national broadcasting co. also risk losses if they UNKNOWN cbs for other contracts . 
while rights fees head UNKNOWN , ad rates wo n't . 
advertisers already are UNKNOWN at higher prices . 
`` the networks are paying too much for rights , '' warns UNKNOWN paul UNKNOWN of young & rubicam . 
`` if they ask advertisers to absorb the costs , they 're likely to lose all but a few who need sports , above all . '' 
viewers may not be UNKNOWN , either . 
soaring rights fees will lead to an even greater clutter of commercials . 
at the same time , some sports events will move off `` free '' television and onto cable or UNKNOWN , where half the nation 's tv homes ca n't see them . 
cbs has changed the rules by throwing out the old basis for sports bids -- that is , can the network alone make a profit on it ? 
mr. pilson UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN benefits of positive press , UNKNOWN affiliate stations , UNKNOWN advertisers and huge audiences that might stick around to watch other cbs programs when the game is over . 
the UNKNOWN question is , how much are those benefits worth ? 
some tv people doubt they will UNKNOWN and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the UNKNOWN deficits that cbs could run up . 
`` as we 've seen in the '99s , '' says roger werner , the president of the espn sports channel , `` those deals can turn sour if the numbers do n't work . 
and three years later , in a sea of red ink , the UNKNOWN can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do . '' 
cbs UNKNOWN top sports `` to UNKNOWN the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , '' charges thomas h. UNKNOWN , who was ousted as chairman of cbs inc. after laurence a. tisch bought a 99.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago . 
`` they lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one . 
and they 've bought one . '' 
on just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the olympic winter games in both 9999 and 9999 -- pilson bid a total of $ 9.99 billion . 
that 's well over half a billion dollars more than abc and nbc were willing to pay . 
( after 9999 , the winter and summer olympics will be held two years apart , with the revised schedule beginning with the winter games in 9999 and the summer games in 9999 . ) 
now , mr. pilson -- a former college basketball player who says a good UNKNOWN needs `` a level of focus and intellectual attention '' similar to a good UNKNOWN is facing the consequences of his own UNKNOWN . 
next month , talks will begin on two UNKNOWN cbs contracts , for the pro and college basketball UNKNOWN . 
cbs is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them . 
the potential bill : more than $ 999 million for several seasons , an 99 % jump . 
a few months later , cbs 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 999 million more than cbs now pays , a 99 % to 99 % rise . 
`` what happens to those two basketball contracts will shape the next five years of network sports , '' says peter UNKNOWN , a former cbs sports president now at UNKNOWN inc . 
j. william UNKNOWN , former president of espn , says nbc may `` come in with a huge bid for college basketball to take it away from cbs and say , ` we can UNKNOWN , too . ' 
and the winners will be the colleges , not either network . 
nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
mr. pilson is an unlikely big UNKNOWN . 
in the mid-9999s , after abc had just bid a record $ 999 million for the 9999 winter games , he UNKNOWN at rivals for paying reckless prices . 
`` i love pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and UNKNOWN , '' says robert UNKNOWN , a former cbs sports president . 
`` and yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today . '' 
rivals UNKNOWN at `` the principle of pilson , '' as nbc 's arthur watson once put it -- `` he 's always UNKNOWN that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . '' 
but the 99-year-old mr. pilson is hardly a man to ignore the numbers . 
a yale law school graduate , he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at UNKNOWN inc. and the william morris talent agency . 
in 9999 , he joined cbs sports to head business affairs and , five years later , became its president . 
mr. pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , `` i did n't say forever , and i did n't say every property . '' 
the market changed , he adds . 
and he is n't the only big UNKNOWN : nbc will pay a record $ 999 million for the 9999 summer games , and espn , 99%-owned by capital cities / abc , will shell out $ 999 million for four years of baseball , airing 999 UNKNOWN games a year . 
`` our competitors say we UNKNOWN them . 
who UNKNOWN ? 
maybe we recognize values the other guys do n't , '' mr. pilson says . 
mr. pilson 's `` major events '' strategy UNKNOWN after mr. tisch took over . 
mr. pilson recalls that in april 9999 , after cbs 's annual meeting in philadelphia , he and mr. tisch took the UNKNOWN train ride back to new york , and mr. pilson used this extended private audience to UNKNOWN his ambitions . 
mr. tisch , a billionaire in hotels and finance , was just learning the tv business . 
five months later , mr. tisch took over as cbs 's chief executive , and soon he was UNKNOWN sole approval each time mr. pilson UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN large figure on a slip of paper , UNKNOWN it in an UNKNOWN and gave it to sports negotiators . 
then , in may 9999 , mr. tisch UNKNOWN needed to make a bold statement to UNKNOWN rumors that he might sell the network . 
mr. pilson gave him one : he bid $ 999 million for rights to the 9999 winter games in UNKNOWN , france ; abc and nbc would n't bid even $ 999 million . 
that started the UNKNOWN bidding wars . 
the `` major events '' strategy , mr. pilson says , is designed to UNKNOWN a place for cbs on the crowded tv UNKNOWN of the 9999s . 
it 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
he sees UNKNOWN sports as the only way the UNKNOWN network can cut through the clutter of cable and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows UNKNOWN a few weeks later . 
next october , cbs , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the UNKNOWN american and national baseball league UNKNOWN and the world series . 
`` i 've been struggling against that for years , '' says jonathan UNKNOWN , who runs UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN station in chicago . 
even if baseball UNKNOWN losses at cbs -- and he does n't think it will -- `` i 'd rather see the games on our air than on nbc and abc , '' he says . 
that is n't surprising . 
regular tv series ratings have slumped in the past five years , and UNKNOWN new shows is `` a UNKNOWN shoot , '' mr. pilson says . 
but top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 99 % or 99 % larger than those cbs usually gets . 
mr. pilson says baseball and the olympics may help cbs move up to no. 9 in the household ratings race , putting UNKNOWN back into the network 's image . 
and the winter olympics will air during the february `` UNKNOWN , '' when ratings are used to set ad rates for local stations . 
that will UNKNOWN UNKNOWN affiliates -- another aim of the pilson plan . 
they UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the `` dream season '' in 9999 . 
cbs will air the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , baseball UNKNOWN , college and pro basketball UNKNOWN and other premier sports events . 
`` it 's made me more committed to cbs , '' says philip a. jones , the president of meredith corp. 's broadcast group , which has two cbs affiliates . 
the cbs plan to use UNKNOWN sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success , however . 
no amount of UNKNOWN will bring viewers back if the shows are weak . 
`` in this market of 99 UNKNOWN , sophisticated viewers and the UNKNOWN control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , '' espn 's mr. werner says . 
`` if the show UNKNOWN n't a UNKNOWN , they 're gone . '' 
during the 9999 summer games , for example , abc UNKNOWN `` call to glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks . 
last october , during the 9999 summer games , nbc UNKNOWN pitched a new series , `` UNKNOWN . '' 
it UNKNOWN anyway . 
moreover , sports is hardly the best way to lure adult women . 
though cbs might move up to no. 9 in household ratings , most advertisers buy based on ratings for women UNKNOWN 99 to 99 . 
cbs may remain a UNKNOWN no. 9 in that regard . 
nor is cbs a UNKNOWN to get blockbuster ratings . 
in recent years , the world series and the olympics were UNKNOWN against cbs 's UNKNOWN lineup . 
but cbs will put the UNKNOWN up against bill cosby , `` UNKNOWN '' and other shows in nbc 's no. 9 schedule . 
even the UNKNOWN to affiliate relations may be limited . 
the sports lineup may add only 9 % to 9 % to a station 's annual profits . 
it alone is n't likely to stop a station from UNKNOWN cbs shows . 
`` the world series , seven nights , was n't enough of an incentive , '' says arnold UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN in rochester , which dropped cbs for nbc six weeks ago . 
`` you 've got to judge where the network will be in three years . '' 
the UNKNOWN benefits may prove extremely costly if cbs ca n't avoid big losses on the sports coverage itself . 
and avoiding such losses will take a UNKNOWN effort . 
on the $ 9.99 billion baseball agreement alone , cbs is likely to lose $ 999 million in four years , contends mr. UNKNOWN , the former cbs man , now at comsat inc . 
nevertheless , he UNKNOWN the deal `` plain smart '' for its huge promotional value . 
mr. pilson calls that loss estimate `` wildly UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN only that cbs will lose money on baseball in the first year . 
`` it 's too early to tell '' what happens after that , he says . 
but mr. tisch expects losses in all four years of the contract , he told u.s. senators last june . 
cbs will pay an average of $ 99 million more each year than abc and nbc had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season . 
yet cbs will air only 99 UNKNOWN games , 99 fewer than abc and nbc . 
that has UNKNOWN some fans . 
it also indicates a $ 99 million drop in ad sales for UNKNOWN games -- a risk cbs took to get an unprecedented lock on all UNKNOWN games . 
if the UNKNOWN end in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , losses could soar . 
advertisers are UNKNOWN higher prices , which would help close the gap . 
cbs signed general motors and toyota to be the only UNKNOWN sponsors in baseball for four years . 
price : $ 999 million . 
but ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 999,999 for a UNKNOWN ad in the world series through 9999 -- 99 % less than what abc is charging for the series this month . 
moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the UNKNOWN price , says arnold chase of bozell inc . 
other UNKNOWN , however , say rates could rise later if ad spending UNKNOWN . 
the winter games outlook also is mixed . 
cbs expects to make modest profits , but rivals contend that it will take a UNKNOWN . 
abc lost $ 99 million on the 9999 winter games , partly because of its $ 999 million rights fee . 
it UNKNOWN 99.9 hours of mostly live events in UNKNOWN -- helping raise ratings slightly from 9999 -- but still failed to deliver the audience promised to advertisers . 
cbs will add 99 9\/9 hours to that load in 9999 , and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events . 
all prime-time fare will be on UNKNOWN because of time differences with UNKNOWN , so the results can be announced on the 9 UNKNOWN news . 
( turner broadcasting will pay cbs $ 99 million to air 99 hours of cbs coverage plus 99 hours of additional events . ) 
barry frank , the agent who took mr. pilson to lunch last march , says that even if cbs loses , say , $ 99 million , it matters little . 
`` UNKNOWN million UNKNOWN n't jack , man , when you got $ 9 billion sitting in the bank , '' says mr. frank , senior vice president at international management group , citing cbs 's enormous cash reserves from selling off various businesses . 
`` it does n't mean anything -- it 's UNKNOWN money . '' 
moreover , sports has `` claimed its place '' as a guaranteed UNKNOWN , says david j. UNKNOWN , the commissioner of the national basketball association . 
`` this is n't UNKNOWN bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... . 
i would tend to trust their judgment . '' 
that 's easy for him to say : cbs 's four-year UNKNOWN pact , now at $ 999 million for four years , could double in price by the time his talks with mr. pilson are completed later this month . 
that would cut into cbs 's slim margin for profit -- and error . 
cbs sports earned $ 99 million or so last year . 
and cbs takes in the least money in prime time ; abc and nbc charge 99 % to 99 % more for ads , according to a variety survey . 
but cbs 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that cbs UNKNOWN up . 
although sports officials predict UNKNOWN of 99 % to 999 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 99 % . 
cbs hopes to save money by ordering fewer episodes of regular series because sports will fill up a few weeks of prime time . 
but the savings will be UNKNOWN . 
each hour of olympics and baseball in prime time will cost cbs $ 9.9 million to $ 9.9 million ; an UNKNOWN drama costs only $ 999,999 , and it is UNKNOWN twice . 
cbs may UNKNOWN losses with about $ 999 million a year in interest earned on the proceeds from selling cbs records and other businesses . 
but UNKNOWN analyst richard j. macdonald of macdonald UNKNOWN UNKNOWN says wall street wo n't take UNKNOWN to that . 
`` on a UNKNOWN basis , the network ought to make money , '' he says . 
when mr. pilson is asked directly -- can you make money on all this ? -- he does n't exactly say yes . 
`` what you 're really asking is , are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
then , he answers his own question . 
`` yes , they are . 
that 's the only question we need to address . 
place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers wo n't be the only one on the line . 
bosses have big UNKNOWN these days . 
or open up an electronics magazine and UNKNOWN the ads for UNKNOWN tape recorders and other UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
some would make even james bond green with UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies . 
and while sellers of the equipment and companies `` monitoring '' employees have few UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN advocates and some lawmakers are UNKNOWN . 
`` new technologies are changing the way we deal with each other and the way we work , '' says UNKNOWN goldman , a staff attorney at the american civil UNKNOWN union . 
`` our expectation of UNKNOWN is being eroded . '' 
on the corporate side , companies claim that monitoring employee phone conversations is both legal and necessary to gauge productivity and ensure good service . 
the practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and UNKNOWN , according to trade groups and worker organizations . 
it 's also widespread for reservations UNKNOWN in the airline , UNKNOWN , hotel and railroad industries . 
the communications workers of america , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 999 million calls each year . 
among companies saying they monitor employees are united airlines , american airlines , united parcel service , nynex corp. , spiegel inc. , and the circulation department of this newspaper . 
some wall street firms monitor for UNKNOWN purposes . 
UNKNOWN corp. says there 's a big business demand for its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN systems , whether the sophisticated UNKNOWN 9999 system , which costs from $ 99,999 to $ 999,999 and can record 999 conversations simultaneously , or simple UNKNOWN units selling for $ 999 . 
businesses `` want to UNKNOWN information and ensure UNKNOWN , '' says john UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's manager of media relations . 
the state of alaska recently bought the UNKNOWN system , he says , `` to monitor the exxon cleanup effort . '' 
merrill lynch & co. and shearson lehman hutton inc. say they use UNKNOWN systems to record and UNKNOWN orders between salesmen and traders . 
shearson says it has taped some of its institutional trading desks , such as commodities and futures , for about four years . 
both companies stress that employees know they are being recorded and that customer conversations are n't taped . 
kidder peabody & co. says it monitors UNKNOWN conversations between brokers and customers to UNKNOWN order UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN by individuals is harder to measure . 
but devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
the counter spy shop in washington , d.c. , for instance , offers the `` secret connection '' UNKNOWN case , which can UNKNOWN record conversations for nine hours at a stretch . 
that and other fancy UNKNOWN may cost thousands , but simple UNKNOWN tape recorders sell for as little as $ 99 at electronics stores like radio shack . 
the most common use of UNKNOWN devices is in UNKNOWN cases , say private investigators . 
while tape UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN , say , UNKNOWN are n't UNKNOWN in court , they can mean leverage in a settlement . 
concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue . 
nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring . 
and four states -- california , florida , michigan and pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
two bills in congress hope to make such restrictions national . 
in may , rep. don edwards ( d. calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard . 
( the legislation is similar to a 9999 `` UNKNOWN bill '' that was defeated after heavy lobbying by the UNKNOWN industry . ) 
also last spring , rep. ron UNKNOWN ( d. , calif. ) , introduced a bill requiring universal UNKNOWN consent to any UNKNOWN in cases that do n't involve law enforcement . 
in addition , products such as UNKNOWN tape recorders would have to include UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN explaining federal laws on UNKNOWN . 
the outlook on both federal bills is uncertain , especially UNKNOWN the 9999 defeat . 
the UNKNOWN and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers UNKNOWN . 
`` i 'm sympathetic with workers who feel under the UNKNOWN , '' says richard UNKNOWN of the direct marketing association of america , which is lobbying UNKNOWN against the edwards UNKNOWN bill . 
`` but the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . '' 
the powerful group , which represents many of the nation 's UNKNOWN , was UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN the 9999 bill . 
spiegel also opposes the UNKNOWN bill , saying the noise it requires would UNKNOWN with customer orders , causing UNKNOWN and even errors . 
UNKNOWN dale , center manager at the catalog company 's customer order center in UNKNOWN , nev. , UNKNOWN monitoring . 
`` we like to follow up and make sure operators are UNKNOWN our standards of company service , '' says ms. dale , who UNKNOWN 999 operators . 
john UNKNOWN , a nynex spokesman , says the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job . 
`` sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . '' 
federal UNKNOWN UNKNOWN recognize the right of employers to monitor employees ' for evaluation purposes . 
and in the past , congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations . 
but opponents , led by the UNKNOWN , say new laws are needed because monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries and 99 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions . 
the UNKNOWN claims that monitoring not only UNKNOWN on employee privacy , but increases stress . 
`` nine to five , '' a UNKNOWN office workers organization that supports the UNKNOWN bill , six months ago started a privacy hot line to receive reports of alleged monitoring abuses . 
meanwhile , supporters of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN consent bill say it is needed because of a giant UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN consent law . 
currently , if the person UNKNOWN is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line . 
( UNKNOWN other people 's private conversations is illegal and UNKNOWN by five years in prison and fines of $ 99,999 . ) 
the electronics industry is closely following the UNKNOWN bill . 
some marketers of surveillance gear -- including communication control system ltd. , which owns the counter spy shop and others like it -- already put warning UNKNOWN in their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN customers of the UNKNOWN law . 
but UNKNOWN contend that they ca n't control how their products are used . 
radio shack says it has a policy against selling products if a UNKNOWN suspects they will be used illegally . 
`` everything sold at radio shack has a legal purpose , '' says bernard UNKNOWN , president of the tandy corp. subsidiary . 
he says he has n't yet studied the UNKNOWN bill , but that requiring a UNKNOWN tone on recorders `` would be UNKNOWN . '' 
still , radio shack is aware that some of its products are controversial . 
a few years ago , the company voluntarily stopped selling `` the big UNKNOWN , '' a powerful UNKNOWN . 
with its ability to pick up UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , `` it was meant to be a toy for children for UNKNOWN watching , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` but we were getting too many complaints that people were using them to UNKNOWN on their neighbors . '' 
the hottest UNKNOWN in the computer industry UNKNOWN sharply yesterday as digital equipment corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting international business machines corp. 's largest market . 
ibm fired back with new mainframes of its own , UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN 9999 line with a 9 % to 99 % power boost . 
up to now , the intense competition between ibm and digital has been UNKNOWN largely to the broad UNKNOWN of the computer market , where digital sought to exploit ibm 's UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . 
but digital 's move into mainframes will target ibm 's home turf , where it has a UNKNOWN 99 % share of the market . 
digital , maynard , mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from ibm 's . 
`` this is not your father 's mainframe , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a digital spokesman . 
`` it 's a whole new generation , '' he said . 
ibm , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , UNKNOWN customers do so-called batch processing as much as 99 % faster . 
batch processing is the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN data processing that most mainframes typically UNKNOWN through at night , such as UNKNOWN accounts at banks . 
ibm said the 99 new UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN models will generally be available immediately , though three wo n't ship until the third quarter of next year . 
prices on the larger models , which range as high as $ 99 million , generally wo n't change . 
small models , whose performance increased as much as 99 % , will carry higher prices . 
UNKNOWN to bigger models also will be UNKNOWN . 
digital 's vax 9999 mainframes , which it claimed were among the UNKNOWN available , were priced from $ 9.9 million to $ 9.9 million , sharply lower than ibm models of comparable power . 
the first models will ship in the spring , with the largest following in the fall . 
analysts were disappointed that digital 's new line apparently wo n't contribute much to earnings before the next fiscal year , which begins in july . 
jay stevens of dean witter reynolds inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year . 
but he added that he expected to raise his estimate for fiscal 9999 at the same time . 
after the announcement yesterday , digital shares gained $ 9.99 to close at $ 99.999 in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
ibm shares closed at $ 999 , down 99 cents , in big board trading . 
analysts have predicted strong UNKNOWN demand for the new line among digital 's customers . 
large digital buyers say the new vax will let them stay with digital when they need the power of a mainframe , instead of turning to ibm . 
`` i 'm convinced there 's a huge market for this machine , '' said stephen smith of painewebber inc . 
digital also plans to compete fiercely with ibm when the giant 's customers are computerizing new aspects of their businesses . 
digital , however , does n't expect to UNKNOWN ibm mainframes that are already installed at big companies . 
in addition to commercial markets , digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market , when it 's UNKNOWN with an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , known as a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay UNKNOWN line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the UNKNOWN systems that older UNKNOWN use . 
although digital has UNKNOWN out a major presence in the booming workstation market , profit margins in that market are much UNKNOWN than for mainframes . 
the UNKNOWN mainframe market also has shown new signs of life lately . 
ibm 's mainframe sales have held up better than expected this year , with analysts UNKNOWN they have risen 99 % to 99 % . 
`` demand for these systems has been very , very strong , '' said bill UNKNOWN , a senior ibm marketing executive . 
`` we have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . 
but the 9999 line is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 9999 . 
ibm , armonk , n.y. , said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year . 
the fourth quarter is always ibm 's biggest by far , with most sales coming in december as customers seek to use budgets before year end . 
still , steve cohen , an analyst at UNKNOWN financial group inc. , said , `` i do n't see that this will be sufficient to give ibm a significant kick in the fourth quarter . '' 
ibm has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of ibm 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars . 
some analysts have estimated ibm 's fourth-quarter per-share earnings will fall 99 % to $ 9.99 a share from $ 9.99 a share a year earlier . 
in addition to the new mainframe hardware and software , ibm announced a UNKNOWN system for data storage that it said UNKNOWN half as much floor space as older systems but can store five times as much data on a single cartridge . 
that should help ibm address the damage that a UNKNOWN storage technology corp. has UNKNOWN in that market . 
concord camera corp. completed the acquisition of peter UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . h. , a west german photographic products distributor . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
concord is a camera and photographic products company . 
the navy awarded UNKNOWN industries inc. 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN division $ 99.9 million for shipyard services on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN program . 
the award UNKNOWN a navy option to extend a contract given in 9999 . 
the white house called on congress to UNKNOWN the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to UNKNOWN at the idea . 
earlier this month , the white house endorsed UNKNOWN the controversial tax measure from the bill so that congress could pass quickly a `` clean '' bill containing only provisions specifically designed to meet federal budget targets under the gramm-rudman act . 
but now that congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the gramm-rudman targets , the white house said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which congress continues to work . 
`` if that does n't happen , then we press forward on another vehicle and a separate vote , '' said press secretary marlin fitzwater . 
on capitol hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill . 
texas rep. william UNKNOWN , the ranking republican on the house ways and means committee said , `` i do n't see how we have the votes '' to place a capital-gains tax cut there . 
meanwhile , president bush stepped up his personal lobbying for the capital-gains tax cut . 
the white house said he plans to hold a series of private white house meetings , mostly with senate democrats , to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut . 
the first meeting yesterday was with 99 senate democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax . 
according to some who attended , the senators argued that the president should give the democratic leaders in congress a victory of their own to compensate them for allowing the president to win on the controversial capital-gains issue . 
issues discussed in this context were an increase in the minimum wage and an increase in UNKNOWN spending . 
the president was said to have been UNKNOWN . 
toshiba corp. said its new french marketing concern has started operating under the UNKNOWN of the company 's west german subsidiary , which formerly handled all sales of toshiba electronic products in france . 
a recent change in french law , according to toshiba , permitted formation of the semiconductor marketing arm in paris . 
american telephone & telegraph co. unveiled new optical UNKNOWN systems for data , video and voice communications . 
two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , at&t said , and three others will be introduced in 9999 and 9999 . 
the products are aimed at a market expected to total more than $ 9 billion a year in sales by 9999 , said morgan UNKNOWN jr. , vice president of UNKNOWN systems for at&t . 
the products already available are UNKNOWN systems , used instead of UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN other telecommunications equipment . 
this cuts down greatly on labor , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
to be introduced later are a UNKNOWN , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a UNKNOWN system , which carries voice UNKNOWN ; and a network UNKNOWN , which directs data flow through UNKNOWN systems . 
at&t said the products , unlike previous generations , will meet so-called UNKNOWN UNKNOWN standards , which at&t expects to be broadly adopted . 
UNKNOWN , or UNKNOWN optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models . 
`` these products are the heart of our UNKNOWN line , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
he declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the UNKNOWN of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars . 
at&t said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , northern UNKNOWN ltd. of canada and france 's UNKNOWN n.v. , which also have announced UNKNOWN products . 
at&t predicted strong growth in demand for such products . 
it noted that last july , nippon telegraph & telephone corp. of japan selected at&t to supply $ 999 million of such equipment over a four-year period starting next year . 
law firms that have UNKNOWN and grown on the revenue from mergers and acquisitions work are feeling the squeeze as that work declines . 
the disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at campeau corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of united airlines parent ual corp. has UNKNOWN through some of the nation 's largest law firms . 
while it is still too early to tell whether the UNKNOWN of takeover activity is only temporary , many lawyers say their firms are bracing for lower revenue from merger work , which has been so lucrative in the past . 
much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work and was not generally billed by the hour . 
if deals take longer to complete and there are fewer of them to do , `` you ca n't bill the same kind of premium as when deals took a few weeks from start to finish , '' says one lawyer at a large new york firm . 
`` we 're planning on a UNKNOWN year in 9999 , but next year we 'll be another story , '' said robert UNKNOWN , a partner at simpson UNKNOWN & bartlett . 
`` we 're settling down to a less active period . '' 
lawyers at such firms as sullivan & UNKNOWN ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN ; UNKNOWN , lipton , rosen & katz ; and fried , frank , harris , UNKNOWN & jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
`` everyone is waiting to see if deals can be done at UNKNOWN prices and if money is available , '' said jack UNKNOWN , co-chairman of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
some lawyers say the slump , while more obvious in recent weeks , began earlier this year . 
dennis block , a partner at the new york firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , said that in the first eight months of this year , 99 hostile offers were launched , compared with 999 for the first eight months of 
what 's more , he said , `` transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing '' and more UNKNOWN scrutiny by state courts . 
lawyers also say an UNKNOWN stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed . 
still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
`` we just took another floor for our london offices , '' said joseph UNKNOWN of the new york firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , slate , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
davis UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN also said its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy . 
`` european companies are looking to buy american ones , '' said henry king , the managing partner at that firm . 
`` but the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . '' 
murder threat charged in UNKNOWN securities corp . UNKNOWN trial . 
in the trial of former UNKNOWN securities chairman eugene laff , the defense accused one of the government 's chief witnesses of threatening to kill mr. laff . 
mr. laff 's attorney , john lang , filed a UNKNOWN asking that the trial record include a UNKNOWN taped conversation in which the witness , henry lorin , told a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that mr. laff should be killed . 
the conversation was taped by federal investigators in what mr. lang said was an effort to get mr. lorin to UNKNOWN mr. laff . 
in his opening arguments last week in federal court in new york , mr. lang told the jury that mr. lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock UNKNOWN , and that mr. laff knew nothing about it . 
in march , mr. laff was indicted on 99 counts of conspiracy , mail and securities fraud , and UNKNOWN an investigation by the securities and exchange commission . 
the government has charged that mr. lorin and mr. laff were part of a conspiracy to maintain the prices of certain stocks at UNKNOWN high prices . 
mr. lorin , a stock UNKNOWN , pleaded guilty to the UNKNOWN charges in april and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of mr. laff . 
during his cross examination of mr. lorin , mr. lang read from the UNKNOWN of a conversation that was taped oct. 99 , 9999 . 
stanley UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN broker who agreed to carry a hidden UNKNOWN during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to UNKNOWN securities violations in the stock UNKNOWN and agreed to cooperate . 
according to the UNKNOWN , mr. lorin said mr. laff should be killed after mr. UNKNOWN told him that information given to mr. laff by another UNKNOWN could UNKNOWN the stock scheme . 
mr. lorin then repeated the threat , and mr. UNKNOWN urged him not to say such things . 
from the parts of the UNKNOWN read by mr. lang , it was unclear what exactly mr. lorin feared might happen . 
when asked for a UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN , mr. lang said judge thomas p. UNKNOWN had UNKNOWN him not to release it or the UNKNOWN . 
during the trial , mr. lang asked mr. lorin whether he had been so upset `` that you considered killing mr. laff ? ... 
is n't it true that you were so worked up that UNKNOWN mr. laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? '' 
mr. lorin responded , `` no . '' 
when mr. lang asked mr. lorin whether he had taken steps to have mr. laff killed , the witness again said no . 
peter UNKNOWN , the assistant u.s. attorney UNKNOWN the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
UNKNOWN who monitored settlement payments to dalkon shield claimants UNKNOWN . 
stephen a. UNKNOWN , one of five UNKNOWN appointed to monitor payments to women injured by the dalkon shield UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , resigned , citing personal reasons . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who teaches evidence at the university of virginia school of law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the u.s. justice department until august , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal judge robert r. UNKNOWN jr. , in richmond , va . 
judge UNKNOWN is overseeing the bankruptcy-law reorganization of UNKNOWN robins co. , the company that manufactured the shield . 
in a letter monday to mr. UNKNOWN , the judge said he would `` UNKNOWN '' accept the resignation . 
the $ 9.99 billion dalkon shield claimants trust was established as part of UNKNOWN robins ' UNKNOWN plan to resolve injury claims arising from use of the shield . 
american home products corp. UNKNOWN to acquire the company . 
the remaining four UNKNOWN on the claimants trust have 99 days to UNKNOWN a successor to mr. UNKNOWN . 
judge UNKNOWN will make the appointment . 
chicago law firm UNKNOWN american express co. vice president : 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN harris & UNKNOWN brought in howard a. UNKNOWN as a partner in its washington , d.c. , office , which opened oct. 9 . 
for the past six years , mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , served as vice president for government affairs at american express . 
he previously was staff director and counsel for the senate committee on banking , housing and urban affairs . 
the other lawyer in the office is partner robert a. UNKNOWN , the firm 's legislative director . 
the philadelphia law firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department . 
john UNKNOWN , 99 , a former UNKNOWN in charge of legal compliance at american capital management & research inc. , in houston , will join UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN practice . 
kent walker , 99 , a former partner at the philadelphia law firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions . 
richard l. UNKNOWN , 99 , will advise UNKNOWN businesses . 
mr. UNKNOWN is former deputy general counsel for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , in philadelphia , now UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plc , in london . 
delmed inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of fresenius usa inc. and its parent , fresenius ag , a major delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake . 
in addition , delmed , which makes and sells a UNKNOWN solution used in UNKNOWN kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , national medical care inc . 
delmed said robert s. UNKNOWN resigned as chairman , president and chief executive . 
mr. UNKNOWN will continue as a director and a consultant . 
UNKNOWN i. shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer , also resigned , the company said . 
mr. UNKNOWN was succeeded as chairman by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a director of fresenius , a west german pharmaceutical concern . 
ben UNKNOWN , president of fresenius usa , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer . 
none of the officials was available for comment . 
in trading on the american stock exchange , delmed closed at 99 cents , down 9.99 cents . 
fresenius owns about 99 % of delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
the two companies have been discussing a transaction under which fresenius would buy delmed stock for cash to bring its UNKNOWN ownership to between 99 % and 99 % of delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
the transaction also would combine fresenius usa and delmed . 
under the proposal , delmed would issue about 999.9 million additional delmed common shares to fresenius at an average price of about 99 cents a share , though under no circumstances more than 99 cents a share . 
yesterday , delmed said it `` continues to explore the possibility of a combination with fresenius usa . '' 
it added that it is apparent that any terms of a combination `` would be substantially less favorable than those previously announced . '' 
while the discussions between delmed and national medical care have been discontinued , delmed will continue to supply UNKNOWN products through national medical after their exclusive agreement ends in march 9999 , delmed said . 
in addition , delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with fresenius usa , delmed said . 
philip l. hall , president of j. lawrence hall co. , UNKNOWN , was named a director of this thrift holding company , filling a UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN inc. said it intends to acquire UNKNOWN america inc. for $ 99 million plus a consideration of as much as an additional $ 99 million , payable over five years . 
UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN company . 
UNKNOWN , whose principal offices are in detroit , is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of industrial tools and supplies . 
the acquisition is subject to approval by UNKNOWN 's board . 
genentech inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from a depressed 9999 third-quarter performance of $ 9.9 million , or six cents a share . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 999 million from $ 99.9 million . 
net product sales accounted for $ 99 million , up from $ 99.9 million a year earlier . 
sales of the heart drug UNKNOWN were $ 99.9 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 99.9 million of the drug . 
but UNKNOWN sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 99 million , UNKNOWN investors . 
genentech stock fell 99.9 cents in trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange to $ 99.999 . 
in the nine months , net income slid 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenues climbed 99 % to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
`` we continue to be on target for ... increasing UNKNOWN sales 99 % to 99 % this year , '' said founder and chief executive officer robert UNKNOWN . 
but some analysts remain sour on the company . 
`` UNKNOWN sales are down quarter to quarter . 
expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
there 's contract revenue from { limited research and development } partnerships . 
but i still think the fundamentals are poor , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst with montgomery securities in san francisco . 
genentech faces competition in the UNKNOWN market from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plc 's heart drug UNKNOWN , expected to receive market approval shortly . 
and genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 9999 , ms. UNKNOWN added . 
`` the company 's stock is trading at 99 times next year 's numbers , and that 's too much , '' she said . 
on the plus side , genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
the american cancer society 's 9999 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 99.9 million , or 99.9 % of its revenue . 
a chart in last friday 's special report on personal finance contained an incorrect figure supplied by UNKNOWN times , a monthly newspaper covering charities . 
ryder system inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 99.9 million , because of an expected $ 99 million after-tax charge and continued weakness in the company 's UNKNOWN business . 
the loss , which is 99 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade and compares with net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
the previous year 's third quarter included gains on the sale of aircraft by the company 's aviation leasing & services division . 
revenue was flat at $ 9.9 billion . 
the latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 99 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and UNKNOWN of assets . 
although ryder did n't break out the charge , analysts estimated that the majority of the $ 99 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses on the UNKNOWN of trucks . 
many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of ryder 's lines of business continued to UNKNOWN the company . 
`` it pretty much UNKNOWN what we had been expecting , '' said anthony UNKNOWN , an analyst at painewebber inc . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , ryder closed at $ 99.99 , down 99.9 cents . 
m. anthony burns , ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` we 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum . 
but we 're still at the beginning stages of some of these changes . '' 
he said the fourth quarter will be `` challenging , '' and maintained his conservative forecast that 9999 `` wo n't be a barn UNKNOWN . '' 
in the nine months , net income fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose slightly to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
robert l. wood , 99-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding raymond l. UNKNOWN , 99 . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who resigned effective jan. 9 for health reasons , remains a director . 
advanced medical technologies inc. said it purchased 99 % of a unit of UNKNOWN group inc . 
advanced medical paid $ 999 million in cash for its share in a unit of UNKNOWN 's fisher scientific subsidiary . 
the unit makes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN used by hospitals and had more than $ 999 million in sales last year , according to advanced medical . 
maxicare health plans inc. , operating under chapter 99 UNKNOWN protection , UNKNOWN terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 99.9 million in cash and $ 99 million face amount of 99-year , 99.9 % notes . 
the plan , UNKNOWN in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , also calls for creditors and shareholders to receive common stock and warrants in the new company . 
the UNKNOWN concern said it reached the agreement with its UNKNOWN creditors ' committees sept. 99 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in november . 
maxicare , which filed for bankruptcy protection march 99 , has total debt of $ 999 million . 
the company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since march 99 , a maxicare spokesman said . 
general unsecured creditors of maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 99 million in cash , $ 99 million face amount of senior notes , and 99 % of the new company 's stock . 
those creditors , whose claims are estimated at about $ 999 million , include doctors and hospitals . 
general unsecured creditors of maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 999 million , initially will receive $ 99.9 million in cash and $ 99 million in senior notes . 
maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 9 % of the new company 's stock and warrants UNKNOWN them to acquire as much as an additional 9 % of the stock on a UNKNOWN basis . 
general unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 99 million in cash , $ 99 million face amount of senior notes and 99 % of the new company 's stock . 
that group includes banks and UNKNOWN , who have claims of $ 999 million and $ 999 million respectively . 
maxicare also will guarantee that the banks will realize at least $ 9 million on certain notes pledged to them . 
maxicare said the plan UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN in the company 's health plans will have valid claims covered in full . 
those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative UNKNOWN claims , are expected to total about $ 99 million . 
the plan is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court and others . 
the spokesman said maxicare hopes to complete the reorganization by early 9999 . 
birmingham steel corp. said that its UNKNOWN , calif. , UNKNOWN sustained only minor damage from last week 's earthquake . 
UNKNOWN resumed oct. 99 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and UNKNOWN for repair to gas and electric power systems . 
the average interest rate rose to 9.999 % at citicorp 's $ 99 million weekly auction of 99-day commercial paper , or corporate UNKNOWN , from 9.999 % at last week 's sale . 
bids totaling $ 999 million were submitted . 
accepted bids ranged from 9.999 % to 9.999 % . 
however , citicorp said that the average rate fell to 9.999 % at its $ 99 million auction of 999-day commercial paper from 9.999 % at last week 's sale . 
bids totaling $ 999 million were submitted . 
accepted bids were all at 9.999 % . 
the bank holding company will auction another $ 99 million in each maturity next tuesday . 
hughes aircraft co. , a general motors corp. unit , said the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN commercial communications satellite is set to be launched friday . 
the satellite , built by hughes for the international telecommunications satellite organization , is part of a $ 999 million contract awarded to hughes in 9999 to develop five of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
italian car manufacturer fiat said it is n't interested in partnership or industrial cooperation with swedish auto and aerospace group saab-scania ab , which faces heavy losses in its car division . 
fiat said it 's only interested in technical cooperation with saab . 
`` we know that saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , '' fiat said . 
`` but that partner is n't fiat . '' 
the italian auto maker confirmed that it was discussing technical cooperation with saab , but declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy saab 's car division . 
fiat 's rejection of partnership with saab means that the swedish company , which announced last friday that its pretax profit for the first eight months plummeted 99 % , will have to look for a partner among other car manufacturers as both ford motor corp. and fiat have turned down the offer . 
news reports said yesterday that saab is trying to start negotiations with french UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and renault . 
itt corp. , its insurance business hurt by hurricane hugo , reported a 9 % decline in third-quarter net income , despite a 9.9 % rise in revenue . 
itt also forecast a fourth-quarter blow to earnings from the california earthquake . 
except for insurance , however , itt said it expects improved operating earnings `` in all of our businesses for the full year . '' 
third-quarter net income dropped to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
itt bought back 9.9 million shares this year , including 9.9 million during the third quarter . 
third-quarter revenue rose to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , itt common stock fell 99.9 cents to close at $ 99.99 a share . 
in addition to insurance and finance , itt has interests in electronic parts , defense technology , automotive parts , fluid technology , pulp and UNKNOWN , and communications and information services . 
`` hurricane hugo losses and the continuing industrywide downturn in the property and casualty insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , '' said rand v. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer . 
itt 's hartford insurance group had a $ 99 million quarterly pretax loss from hurricane hugo , itt said . 
hartford expects to report a further pretax loss of about $ 99 million for the current quarter , as a result of the california earthquake this month , itt added . 
the company also disclosed its financial operations had increased reserves for UNKNOWN accounts , resulting in a $ 99 million pretax charge for the third quarter . 
this charge was partly offset , however , by $ 99 million in pretax capital gains . 
itt also said its consumer finance unit agreed in september to settle a civil suit with the california attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices . 
anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 99 million during the fourth quarter of 9999 . 
an itt spokesman said the charge was n't publicly reported at the time . 
`` the company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 9999 , '' the company said . 
UNKNOWN on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations . 
amoco corp. said it plans to install two UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN as many as 99 wells to develop oil reserves it discovered in the atlantic ocean about 99 miles off the coast of UNKNOWN . 
amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 99.99 % working interest , and other partners include UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN state oil company , with a 99 % interest , and kuwait foreign petroleum exploration co. with a 9.99 % stake . 
production is expected to be about 99,999 barrels of oil a day after completion of the UNKNOWN program . 
jacobs engineering group inc. 's jacobs international unit was selected to design and build a UNKNOWN manufacturing plant in county UNKNOWN , ireland , for intel corp . 
jacobs is an international engineering and construction concern . 
total capital investment at the site could be as much as $ 999 million , according to intel . 
the UNKNOWN plant will be UNKNOWN on a UNKNOWN site near UNKNOWN . 
jacobs engineering officials could n't be reached for comment . 
bob evans inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 999,999 shares of its common . 
the stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes . 
the program expires april 99 . 
the restaurant operator had 99.9 million shares outstanding as of sept. 99 . 
UNKNOWN energy inc. said it completed the sale of UNKNOWN co. to bishop pipeline co. , for $ 99 million in cash and notes . 
UNKNOWN , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 9 million in cash and $ 99 million in five-year notes for the kansas UNKNOWN pipeline . 
UNKNOWN owned 99 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest . 
bishop is based in hutchinson , kansas . 
french consumer prices rose 9.9 % in september from august , according to UNKNOWN estimates by the national statistics institute . 
the agency noted that because of a strike by finance ministry personnel the UNKNOWN estimate does n't UNKNOWN exactly to the consumer price index usually published . 
the agency noted , however , the estimate will likely be confirmed . 
the institute did n't estimate annual price growth in september , but a 9.9 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 999.9 or 999.9 , up 9.9 % or 9.9 % from the year-earlier level of 999.9 . 
the index was 999.9 in august and is based on 9999 equaling 999 . 
international technology corp. and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , a unit of london 's UNKNOWN corp. , said they were awarded a $ 99 million contract by the u.s. army corps of engineers for the UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN landfill superfund site in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , n.j . 
international technology , an environmental management concern , said the contract includes construction of UNKNOWN walls , gas collection systems , a UNKNOWN cap and water treatment plant . 
u.s. memories inc. , the venture that seeks to crack japan 's domination of the UNKNOWN market , said it has chosen four potential sites for its operations after a fierce bidding war by 99 states . 
u.s. memories said it will begin UNKNOWN during the next several weeks to sites in austin , texas ; colorado springs , colo. ; UNKNOWN , n.y. ; and phoenix , ariz . 
sanford kane , president , said the UNKNOWN were chosen from among 99 locations based on financial , business , and quality of life considerations . 
UNKNOWN by its absence is california . 
san jose and several other california cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group , which was founded last june by seven electronics concerns . 
the venture plans to announce a final site by late november . 
it expects to begin construction by year end and start shipping UNKNOWN dynamic UNKNOWN memory chips by mid-9999 . 
u.s. memories investors include advanced micro devices inc. , digital equipment corp. , hewlett-packard co. , international business machines corp. , intel corp. , lsi logic corp. , and national semiconductor corp . 
mr. kane said he expects several other companies to join some time after the venture UNKNOWN a business plan , probably later this week . 
a seat on the chicago board of trade was sold for $ 999,999 , unchanged from the previous sale oct. 99 . 
seats currently are quoted at $ 999,999 bid , $ 999,999 asked . 
the record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 999,999 , set aug. 99 , 9999 . 
dennis r. UNKNOWN , a general manager of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was named vice president of research and development , a new post at this steel company . 
UNKNOWN d. thompson , a 99-year-old attorney in private practice in washington and UNKNOWN , tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company . 
the board increased to 99 seats . 
sun microsystems inc. said prime computer inc. has agreed to UNKNOWN as much as $ 999 million worth of sun 's machines over the next two years . 
the computers use the company 's own UNKNOWN called UNKNOWN , sun said . 
quickview systems inc. said it filed a lawsuit against apple computer inc. , claiming patent UNKNOWN in an element of apple 's popular hypercard software program . 
the suit , filed in minneapolis federal court , claims that apple violated a quickview patent that allows computer users to display `` only UNKNOWN of multiple fields on a computer screen with the ability to see the entire UNKNOWN of any given field . '' 
the hypercard program allows users to design applications for UNKNOWN computers without having to be UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and is distributed with every UNKNOWN sold . 
it 's one of the most popular computer programs of all time , but analysts said the quickview suit does n't appear to UNKNOWN major difficulties for apple . 
the technology at issue `` is not an underlying technology of hypercard to my knowledge , '' said UNKNOWN goodman , a san UNKNOWN hypercard program developer . 
nonetheless , the suit seeks unspecified damages that an attorney for quickview claimed could run into the millions of dollars . 
in cupertino , calif. , apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that hypercard does not UNKNOWN `` any valid claims '' of the quickview patents . 
it said it filed an action of its own in federal court in san jose , calif. , seeking a declaration that quickview 's claims are UNKNOWN . 
this is in response to UNKNOWN kageyama 's manager 's journal , `` looking for the real thing in sony '' ( editorial page , oct. 9 ) . 
though i agree with many of mr. kageyama 's comments , i believe he points the UNKNOWN in the wrong direction : it is n't the americans who must be criticized for not understanding the japanese culture , but the japanese who insist on forcing their culture on americans . 
the japanese want us to accept their culture , but they refuse to accept the american culture . 
japanese managers ca n't expect americans to UNKNOWN as if they were japanese ; instead , they must manage americans as americans . 
americans are expected to conform to the japanese culture when in japan . 
what is wrong with expecting the japanese to conform to american UNKNOWN when they UNKNOWN here ? 
americans place native or native UNKNOWN in charge of subsidiaries overseas . 
european UNKNOWN do likewise ; even in america , their affiliates are usually run by american managers . 
but the japanese insist upon japanese managers UNKNOWN they set up shop . 
do the japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable american managers ? 
paul a. UNKNOWN indiana university UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
mr. kageyama suggests that UNKNOWN electronics industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
while mr. kageyama does an excellent job of explaining the differences , both cultural and UNKNOWN , i question his perspective . 
would he suggest that employees of an american company doing business in japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ? 
obviously not . 
thus the conclusion is that the burden UNKNOWN with management to understand / adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating . 
the workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management UNKNOWN the employees ' perspective . 
a. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN president municipal code corp . UNKNOWN , fla . 
i believe mr. kageyama left out one major aspect of japanese culture that UNKNOWN his piece : the belief in the UNKNOWN of japanese culture and behavior vs. others . 
a manager should not have to UNKNOWN the opinions of his employees about the style of his management . 
instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used UNKNOWN to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his UNKNOWN . 
japanese culture vs. american culture is UNKNOWN . 
the key is how a manager from one culture can UNKNOWN employees from another . 
for mr. kageyama to argue that american employees must UNKNOWN accept a direct UNKNOWN of the japanese way of doing things is outright cultural UNKNOWN of the first order . 
the japanese are UNKNOWN the opportunity to UNKNOWN a new corporate culture based on a fusion of the best aspects of both national UNKNOWN . 
mr. kageyama is accurate to deny a specific UNKNOWN bias . 
it is more difficult to deny a general UNKNOWN in seeing things only the japanese way . 
when the response to criticism is only a better explanation of policies without UNKNOWN the reasons for the criticism , i am convinced that mr. kageyama has still failed to attack the root cause of the problem and is simply UNKNOWN symptoms . 
norman l. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , ariz . 
cie . generale des UNKNOWN reported that net profit climbed 99 % in the first half of 9999 and said that it expects a gain of about 99 % for the full year . 
the french water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 999 million francs ( us$ 999.9 million ) from 999 million francs in the first half of 9999 . 
revenue climbed 99 % to 99.9 billion francs from 99.9 billion . 
generale des UNKNOWN said the earnings gain was led by its water , energy and building activities . 
as a presidential candidate in 9999 , george bush UNKNOWN expressed his position on abortion in an interview with rolling stone magazine published that march . 
what did he think of the supreme court 's decision UNKNOWN abortion ? 
`` i happen to think it was right , '' mr. bush said UNKNOWN . 
a few months later , mr. bush became ronald reagan 's running UNKNOWN . 
suddenly , george bush the pro-choice advocate became george bush the UNKNOWN . 
and the UNKNOWN did n't end there . 
just a month ago , mr. bush UNKNOWN threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
then , two weeks ago -- UNKNOWN that `` i 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
but only four days after that , mr. bush UNKNOWN the veto threat . 
`` i do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , '' he UNKNOWN , and finally UNKNOWN the measure last weekend . 
so what does george bush really believe ? 
the answer is so UNKNOWN that it is beginning to get this popular president in trouble with each of the increasingly UNKNOWN , increasingly powerful sides of the abortion issue . 
the result is UNKNOWN and criticism from all around . 
anti-abortion forces regard him as at best an uncertain ally . 
`` in all UNKNOWN if you ask me , ` is this man a true UNKNOWN ? ' i do n't know , '' says john UNKNOWN , head of the UNKNOWN ad UNKNOWN committee in defense of life inc . 
yet abortion-rights forces remain bitterly critical . 
douglas gould , vice president of communications for the planned UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of america , calls mr. bush 's position on the UNKNOWN issue `` extremely UNKNOWN , '' adding : `` the guy has n't done one thing about UNKNOWN . 
he 's totally UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN position . '' 
mr. bush is UNKNOWN uncomfortable with the entire abortion question . 
for most of the past nine years , he has UNKNOWN to convince anti-abortion activists of his UNKNOWN support for their position . 
but ever since the supreme court 's webster vs. UNKNOWN health services decision this year changed the political UNKNOWN of the abortion issue , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall . 
many americans still UNKNOWN over their own personal feelings about abortion . 
mr. bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be UNKNOWN over the issue as it is that he seems to UNKNOWN on it . 
the political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and UNKNOWN to it , experts insist . 
`` if you have a position , you 're better off to stick with it than to move around very much , '' says republican strategist john sears . 
the need for UNKNOWN is especially UNKNOWN for mr. bush , who , mr. sears maintains , lacks a strong ideological base . 
by his moderate republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is UNKNOWN to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some UNKNOWN with abortion-rights arguments . 
yet he is also firmly UNKNOWN by his UNKNOWN rhetoric and promises he made to anti-abortion activists during his long pursuit of the white house . 
on many issues -- UNKNOWN , for instance -- his UNKNOWN political UNKNOWN overcome such conflicts . 
but mr. bush and his advisers UNKNOWN the politics of the abortion issue , failing to UNKNOWN how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be UNKNOWN following last summer 's supreme court decision to restrict those rights in the webster case . 
`` it was one of the UNKNOWN changes in public attitudes i 've ever seen , '' says former reagan UNKNOWN richard UNKNOWN . 
these days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually UNKNOWN president can be UNKNOWN almost to the point of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN days ago he was asked to UNKNOWN the reasons behind his anti-abortion stance . 
`` my position is well-known and UNKNOWN , '' he UNKNOWN . 
a close look at his record over the last 99 years suggests that mr. bush has UNKNOWN his views -- on all sides of the issue . 
in 9999 , as the u.s. representative to the united nations , he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he UNKNOWN of his leadership during his term in congress in expanding UNKNOWN services for the poor . 
running for president in early 9999 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother . 
in his rolling stone interview in 9999 , mr. bush UNKNOWN his abortion-rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival , ronald reagan . 
in addition to supporting the landmark roe vs. wade supreme court decision UNKNOWN abortion , mr. bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that mr. reagan was promising to promote . 
as mr. reagan 's running UNKNOWN , though , mr. bush plunged UNKNOWN into the anti-abortion position , UNKNOWN a constitutional amendment UNKNOWN abortion . 
he acknowledged only one difference with mr. reagan -- that the amendment ought to have UNKNOWN for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life . 
throughout the early 9999s , mr. bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it . 
in april 9999 , UNKNOWN president bush had his staff write a letter UNKNOWN out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life UNKNOWN , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case . 
at the gop convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with UNKNOWN for rape , incest and life UNKNOWN . 
his rhetoric gathered momentum as he rolled into office , UNKNOWN his `` firm support of our cause '' during an anti-abortion rally three days after his UNKNOWN last january . 
he again urged passage of a constitutional amendment UNKNOWN abortion . 
but when the high court ruled in the webster case in july , the president began to lower the volume . 
when the ruling was handed down , the UNKNOWN president dispatched chief of staff john sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself . 
he did later UNKNOWN UNKNOWN over legislation UNKNOWN the district of columbia 's right to use its own tax money to fund abortions for poor women and over UNKNOWN funding to the united nations population fund . 
but in the months since then , while trying to UNKNOWN up support for other issues -- such as an UNKNOWN constitutional amendment -- he has UNKNOWN away from talking about abortion . 
what few comments he has initiated have been UNKNOWN , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of UNKNOWN lawyers in boston last month . 
the white house has likewise avoided any involvement in florida 's recent special legislative session on abortion , which anti-abortion forces had regarded as a key test of their ability to get state lawmakers to UNKNOWN abortion restrictions . 
the session failed to enact any new curbs . 
now , some see mr. bush UNKNOWN in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head of the republican mainstream committee , a group of party UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN : `` the administration finds itself in an ideological UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN that it will find it difficult -- if not impossible -- to get itself out of . 
christopher UNKNOWN 's oct. 99 UNKNOWN article `` toward more UNKNOWN lawsuits ... '' UNKNOWN the point . 
the 9999 americans with UNKNOWN act is about eliminating UNKNOWN barriers . 
when we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our UNKNOWN mandated civil rights have UNKNOWN not through the UNKNOWN of people 's UNKNOWN but through legislation and constitutional amendments . 
this is how american women won the right to vote . 
and it is how UNKNOWN and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation . 
for the more than 99 million americans with UNKNOWN , the 9999 americans with UNKNOWN act provides the missing piece . 
disabled americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since section 999 was passed as a part of the 9999 rehabilitation act . 
the 9999 act simply UNKNOWN these guarantees to the private sector . 
those who fear a UNKNOWN of suits UNKNOWN our legal system need only look at the record on the rehabilitation act . 
without legal UNKNOWN , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone . 
john r. garrison president national UNKNOWN seal society 
ford motor co. said it is consolidating control of its asian operations under a new organization here that will be headed by w. wayne UNKNOWN . 
ford UNKNOWN will coordinate the activities of ford subsidiaries in japan , australia , taiwan and new zealand and work with ford business associates throughout the region . 
these functions are currently performed out of UNKNOWN , australia , and at ford 's headquarters in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN , executive director of ford 's latin america automotive operations since december 9999 , was named vice president of ford UNKNOWN . 
goodyear tire & rubber co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
in the year-ago period , goodyear had net of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales rose slightly to $ 9.99 billion , from $ 9.99 billion . 
analysts had mixed responses to the results . 
donald UNKNOWN , an independent analyst in new UNKNOWN , conn. , said he was `` impressed with the company 's performance . '' 
he said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year . 
however , harry UNKNOWN , an analyst at mcdonald & co. , cleveland , said goodyear 's results `` fell at the bottom '' of his range of estimates . 
excluding an increase in the tax rate and the effects of foreign currency UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN said the company 's results `` were still a little disappointing . '' 
goodyear 's stock , which has been weak in recent weeks , fell $ 9.999 yesterday to close at $ 99.999 a share in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN company said pretax operating income in its tire segment jumped about 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year earlier , reflecting improvements in raw material costs , sales of replacement tires and pricing . 
mcdonald 's mr. UNKNOWN said goodyear appeared to have held or gained some market share in the u.s. for the first time since the second quarter of 9999 . 
but goodyear said total u.s. tire unit sales were off about 9 % . 
total tire segment sales were up only about 9 % to $ 9.9 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its u.s. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and UNKNOWN production by auto makers . 
in the latest quarter , goodyear 's tax rate was 99 % compared with 99 % a year earlier . 
as a result , total tax outlays were $ 99.9 million , compared with $ 99.9 million the year earlier . 
for the nine months , profit skidded about 99 % , reflecting charges taken in this year 's second quarter and the effect of UNKNOWN of weaker foreign currencies into the stronger u.s. dollar . 
net was $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , compared with net of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , the year earlier . 
the latest nine months included charges of $ 99 million related to the company 's south african subsidiary and unused UNKNOWN sold by its crude oil pipeline unit . 
sales rose nearly 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
environmental control group inc. said it expects to report `` minimal '' earnings or a loss for the third quarter . 
the environmental services company said that the UNKNOWN of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in UNKNOWN reserves probably will result in charges of $ 9.9 million to $ 9 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results . 
in the year-ago quarter , the company reported earnings of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
former usx corp. chairman david m. roderick may have been lucky he retired last may . 
as he handed over the UNKNOWN to successor charles a. corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak . 
though imports were troublesome , they were n't running away with the market , and american companies had high hopes that steel import quotas would be extended for another five years . 
perhaps most important , carl icahn , who had once threatened a hostile takeover bid , was UNKNOWN . 
he and mr. roderick were even UNKNOWN out together . 
today , mr. corry UNKNOWN over a company whose fortunes have changed abruptly . 
mr. icahn , the company 's UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , recently disclosed that he had raised his usx stake to 99.9 % , and he again threatened a takeover . 
a battle with mr. icahn would UNKNOWN even the most UNKNOWN chief executive , to say nothing of one who took the UNKNOWN less than five months ago . 
in addition , usx 's giant steel segment , representing 99 % of its 9999 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost UNKNOWN . 
the import quotas got only a 9 9 / 9-year extension , and usx is UNKNOWN under a staggering $ 9.9 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and UNKNOWN for oil . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN of fire for corry , '' says one usx executive . 
the burning question is whether the new chief can UNKNOWN mr. icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves . 
mr. corry might have to UNKNOWN the company more than he wants to . 
or he might have to UNKNOWN a huge expense of either buying mr. icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of mr. icahn 's pressure . 
with his recent purchases of usx common stock , mr. icahn shattered a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN agreement with mr. roderick . 
in 9999 , mr. roderick UNKNOWN UNKNOWN mr. icahn 's first UNKNOWN after the takeover specialist had built up an 99.9 % stake . 
mr. roderick did so by having usx redeem a series of guaranteed notes , a move that , in effect , raised the cost of a $ 9.99 billion icahn bid by about $ 9 billion . 
and he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the UNKNOWN . 
over UNKNOWN at new york 's UNKNOWN club and links club restaurants , the steel executive and the big investor talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses . 
mr. corry , who has UNKNOWN up on corporate raiders by reading t. UNKNOWN pickens 's UNKNOWN , had hoped the UNKNOWN would continue . 
he was UNKNOWN , associates say , to learn of mr. icahn 's new takeover threat . 
( both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
but the fiercely competitive mr. corry quickly showed he 's no UNKNOWN . 
he UNKNOWN with directors at a special meeting two weeks ago and tried to block his opponent . 
although the board believed that mr. icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring usx , it adopted a UNKNOWN defense , to be UNKNOWN if anyone UNKNOWN a 99 % stake . 
now , it 's mr. icahn 's move . 
will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of usx into separate oil and steel companies ? 
given the weakness of the junk-bond market , can he finance a buy-out ? 
mr. icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in texaco inc. in june -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his usx move . 
and although the recent turmoil in the stock and junk-bond markets , by making it harder to arrange takeover financing , has eased some of the pressure on mr. corry , it does n't end the takeover threat . 
`` i know it 's not over , '' a UNKNOWN mr. corry acknowledged while UNKNOWN steel suppliers in new york on oct. 99 and UNKNOWN them to a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in honor of UNKNOWN steel ltd. , usx 's partner in a steel mill in UNKNOWN , ohio . 
in fact , it 's barely begun for mr. corry , who faces tough decisions before he has had a chance to get settled into his new job . 
`` he 's in a vulnerable position because he has n't established much credibility on his own , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a securities analyst at painewebber inc . 
the 99-year-old tax attorney never even UNKNOWN to the job of chief executive . 
an UNKNOWN college student who UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up UNKNOWN , mr. corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things . '' 
but after joining the tax department of a usx subsidiary 99 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 99 . 
for years , he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms , wearing a hat to work because everyone else did . 
`` i was never a UNKNOWN , '' he said in an earlier interview . 
`` i do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry . '' 
yet , the UNKNOWN mr. corry helped chart usx 's transition from big steel to big oil . 
he served as mr. roderick 's front man in UNKNOWN negotiations for the 9999 purchase of marathon oil for $ 9.9 billion . 
nevertheless , mr. corry , once named chief executive , did n't waste any time UNKNOWN himself from his former boss , who still has an office on the UNKNOWN floor of the usx tower in pittsburgh . 
soon after taking over last june , mr. corry UNKNOWN a pay cut imposed on UNKNOWN workers , a move that mr. roderick had n't made in spite of improved earnings . 
mr. corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in pittsburgh instead of new york or UNKNOWN , ohio , marathon 's home . 
and , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of texas oil & gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since . 
one former executive says , `` nobody wanted that deal inside usx except UNKNOWN roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of william l. UNKNOWN , chairman of texas oil & gas . 
the executive recalls mr. corry UNKNOWN to him and others , `` remember , this was UNKNOWN 's deal . '' 
what UNKNOWN many usx executives and shareholders was that the acquisition , for $ 9 billion of stock , doubled the usx shares outstanding and considerably diluted them . 
what 's more , the takeover occurred as UNKNOWN prices were falling and just as texas oil & gas reported its first annual loss in 99 years . 
mr. corry expected the texas oil & gas sale to UNKNOWN mr. icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value . 
but when the two men met in new york a day after mr. icahn disclosed the rise in his usx stake , mr. corry learned that mr. icahn wanted him to sell all of texas oil -- not just its reserves of about 9.9 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 99 million barrels of oil but also its pipeline , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN operations . 
that would leave usx with marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , UNKNOWN and transportation products . 
some speculate that mr. corry would agree if he could find a buyer at the right price . 
the problem is that mr. icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring usx than mr. corry had planned . 
mr. icahn has long believed , associates say , that the company , whose 9999 sales totaled $ 99.99 billion , is worth $ 99 a share if broken up . 
the stock closed yesterday at $ 99.999 , giving mr. icahn 's 99.9 million shares a value of $ 9.99 billion . 
mr. icahn advocates the sale of the company 's steel operations , and mr. corry does n't necessarily disagree . 
unlike his predecessor , who saw steel as america 's UNKNOWN , mr. corry tends to view it as a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN business with limited potential , associates say . 
in the past five years , usx has turned steel into a profit maker by closing several plants and reducing labor costs . 
but the short-term outlook is UNKNOWN . 
it is n't surprising that messrs. roderick and corry view steel so UNKNOWN . 
while mr. roderick was UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN of pittsburgh 's UNKNOWN mills , mr. corry grew up in cincinnati , a city UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' and more UNKNOWN to pork UNKNOWN than UNKNOWN iron . 
he has never met lynn williams , the president of the united steelworkers union , and is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the american iron and steel institute , which mr. roderick served as chairman . 
`` UNKNOWN thought the country needed a strong u.s. steel and , while chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , ` not at any cost to shareholders , ' '' a former executive says . 
indeed , mr. corry , at an august press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . '' 
however , shedding steel would run directly counter to mr. roderick 's original UNKNOWN for diversifying into oil and gas : having two major products would UNKNOWN the company 's UNKNOWN to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings . 
as mr. roderick once said : `` we 're a UNKNOWN company and , boy , if you ca n't figure out the value of those two parts , you are so damn UNKNOWN that you do n't belong on wall street . '' 
moreover , the opportunity to sell steel at a price acceptable to usx may be gone , for now . 
`` the time has passed for us to spin off steel , '' either in a public offering or to a buyer , one executive contends . 
about the only way that usx now can get out of steel is to UNKNOWN it out , piece by piece , in separate joint ventures , he adds . 
with mr. icahn breathing down his neck , however , mr. corry may have little choice but to sell at a weak price , even if it means losing some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
that would leave usx essentially an oil company with marathon as its core . 
marathon has benefited from higher UNKNOWN prices and strong demand for refined products . 
oil has long been mr. corry 's UNKNOWN . 
indeed , when the bush administration finally decided this summer to renew import restrictions -- UNKNOWN the most important decision to affect the steel industry in five years -- mr. corry and his directors were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , high above marathon 's rich oil reserves in the north sea . 
should usx be left with only marathon , mr. corry might well feel pushed to UNKNOWN out other energy companies . 
however , even usx executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals . 
`` i do n't think he has a clear sense of where he wants the company to go , '' one says . 
right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' usx 's debt by selling assets . 
one thing is certain , however : mr. corry , while studying other options , probably wo n't make a major move until he 's clear about mr. icahn 's intentions . 
and then , `` he wo n't panic , '' says j. bruce UNKNOWN , a former usx executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with UNKNOWN cohen & UNKNOWN in pittsburgh . 
mr. corry learned presence under fire when , as vice president of corporate planning , he handled what mr. UNKNOWN calls `` UNKNOWN '' negotiations that led to usx 's shedding of a wide array of assets ranging from chemicals to construction . 
when negotiating , mr. corry played his cards close to the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN johnson , who worked for mr. corry in strategic planning , recalls how his boss would routinely ask a subordinate to research an entire industry to target acquisition candidates . 
`` what he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that . 
he wanted your own UNKNOWN , virgin opinion , '' says mr. johnson , now managing director at UNKNOWN & co. , a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN firm . 
ever the UNKNOWN , mr. corry said in august that he realized that usx is on `` acquisition screens all over the country . '' 
`` it 's part of the UNKNOWN market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought , '' he said . 
usx , he noted , was formed 99 years ago , `` by in effect buying out a UNKNOWN of other companies ... . 
people got rich through takeovers in those days , as they do today . '' 
thomas f. UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
westinghouse electric corp. said it will buy UNKNOWN co . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN , based in UNKNOWN , mich. , makes metal files and desks , and UNKNOWN and office systems furniture . 
israel has launched a new effort to prove the UNKNOWN liberation organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the u.s. to break off talks with the group . 
u.s. officials , however , said they are n't buying the israeli argument . 
israeli UNKNOWN officials provided the state department with a UNKNOWN list of recent terrorist incidents they attribute directly to forces controlled by plo chairman UNKNOWN arafat . 
mr. arafat publicly UNKNOWN terrorism dec. 99 , UNKNOWN the u.s. UNKNOWN for a direct `` dialogue '' with the plo . 
a u.s. UNKNOWN official said experts are studying the israeli list . 
`` we have no independent evidence UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to any acts of terrorism since dec. 99 , 9999 , '' he said , referring to the specific plo group that mr. arafat heads . 
`` so far , this list does n't change our view . 
israel wants to end the dialogue , but our analysts take a different view than theirs . '' 
israeli prime minister UNKNOWN shamir 's top adviser on UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was here monday to present the report to members of congress , reporters and others . 
mr. UNKNOWN said he also presented the list last week to william brown , u.s. ambassador to israel . 
separately , the new york times reported that the israeli government had provided its UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN with different documents that israel said prove the plo has been conducting terrorism from the occupied arab UNKNOWN . 
the state department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers . 
`` if the dialogue was based on the assumption that arafat or the plo would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the UNKNOWN conclusion ? '' mr. UNKNOWN asked . 
israel has long claimed mr. arafat never meant to UNKNOWN terrorism , particularly because he and his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the right to press `` armed struggle '' against the jewish state . 
now , UNKNOWN says it is backing up its UNKNOWN with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to mr. arafat . 
it blames most of these on UNKNOWN . 
the new accusations come at a UNKNOWN time in u.s. efforts to bring about talks between israel and palestinian representatives . 
the state department said it had received a new letter on the subject from israeli foreign minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN israel 's previous UNKNOWN to negotiating with any palestinian tied to the plo . 
deciding what UNKNOWN `` terrorism '' can be a UNKNOWN exercise . 
the u.s. UNKNOWN it as `` UNKNOWN , politically motivated violence UNKNOWN against UNKNOWN targets by UNKNOWN groups or UNKNOWN state agents . '' 
to meet the u.s. criteria , israel contended it only listed incidents that involved UNKNOWN and occurred inside its UNKNOWN borders . 
at the heart of israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN , including the use of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but u.s. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN , the palestinian UNKNOWN in the occupied UNKNOWN , which the u.s. does n't UNKNOWN as terrorism . 
in addition , the officials say israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by UNKNOWN or by any group mr. arafat controls . 
u.s. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the UNKNOWN of the separate documents UNKNOWN to the new york times . 
the papers , which israel says were discovered in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the revolutionary UNKNOWN . '' 
some supporters of israel say u.s. policy on palestinian terrorism is UNKNOWN by an intense desire to maintain the dialogue with the plo . 
but state department officials UNKNOWN israel of UNKNOWN questionable claims to UNKNOWN the u.s. . 
the dollar finished lower yesterday , after tracking another UNKNOWN session on wall street . 
concern about the volatile u.s. stock market had faded in recent sessions , and traders appeared content to let the dollar UNKNOWN in a narrow range until tomorrow , when the preliminary report on third-quarter u.s. gross national product is released . 
but UNKNOWN gyrations in the dow jones industrial average yesterday put wall street back in the UNKNOWN and inspired market participants to bid the u.s. unit lower . 
ual 's decision to remain an independent company sent share prices UNKNOWN . 
by UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN had plunged 99 points and foreign-exchange dealers quickly drove the dollar down . 
when the UNKNOWN modestly rebounded , the dollar UNKNOWN back in UNKNOWN dealings but ended the day below the levels of late monday . 
stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 9.99 points on the day . 
some dealers said that the market 's strong reaction to wall street reflects a general UNKNOWN about the dollar . 
they added that the UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the u.s. currency in the direction it was already headed . 
in late new york trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , down from 9.9999 marks monday , and at 999.99 yen , down from 999.99 yen late monday . 
sterling was quoted at $ 9.9999 , up from $ 9.9999 late monday . 
in tokyo wednesday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , down from tuesday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
tom UNKNOWN , a vice president with banque paribas in new york , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in january 9999 . 
he argues that the dollar is now `` moving UNKNOWN , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . '' 
analysts UNKNOWN the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the u.s. economy , UNKNOWN by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp UNKNOWN in the august u.s. trade gap . 
they also point out that narrowing interest-rate UNKNOWN between the u.s. and its major trading partners tend to make the u.s. currency less attractive to foreign investors . 
despite several UNKNOWN of dollar trading , it was noted that UNKNOWN cross trade grabbed much of the market 's attention . 
following the dive in u.s. stocks , the mark has strengthened more than its major counterparts . 
traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust west german economy and higher rate UNKNOWN . 
but , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a UNKNOWN of a shift away from u.s. assets by japanese investors into west german investments . 
`` the question remains : how much can the west german market absorb ? '' says one senior dealer . 
some dealers say that bank of japan governor UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN that japanese monetary policy wo n't be changed for the time being has given investors an added excuse to push the yen down even further against the mark . 
despite the yen 's weakness with respect to the mark , tokyo traders say they do n't expect the bank of japan to take any action to support the japanese currency on that front . 
meanwhile , sterling slumped on news that the united kingdom posted a UNKNOWN trade deficit in september . 
the news also knocked the british unit to below 9.99 marks in london , but a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN helped sterling UNKNOWN some of its earlier losses . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery jumped $ 9.99 to $ 999.99 an ounce . 
the close was the highest since aug. 99 . 
estimated volume was a light two million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 999.99 an ounce . 
boston co. , the UNKNOWN financial services concern that was UNKNOWN by a management scandal late last year , has had a sharp drop in profitability -- mainly because a high-risk bet on interest rates UNKNOWN . 
boston co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , shearson lehman hutton holdings inc. , which has UNKNOWN heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years . 
in 9999 , for example , boston co. had an estimated pretax profit of at least $ 999 million , while shearson managed net income of just $ 99 million . 
shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries . 
but people familiar with boston co. 's performance say the unit had profit of around $ 99 million for the third quarter , after barely breaking even for the first six months . 
shearson , meanwhile , posted net income of $ 999 million for the first nine months of the year , down slightly from $ 999 million for the year-ago period . 
moody 's investors service inc. last week downgraded the long-term deposit rating of boston co. 's boston safe deposit & trust co. subsidiary , to single-a-9 from UNKNOWN , citing problems in the company 's `` aggressively managed securities portfolio . '' 
john UNKNOWN , a moody 's vice president , said boston safe deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a UNKNOWN in the maturities of its assets and liabilities . 
the UNKNOWN exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved UNKNOWN -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- `` it cost them , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
mr. UNKNOWN noted that boston safe deposit `` has taken some actions to better control UNKNOWN management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality . '' 
as some securities mature and the proceeds are UNKNOWN , the problems ought to ease , he said . 
but he also cited concerns over the company 's mortgage exposure in the troubled new england real estate market . 
boston co. officials declined to comment on moody 's action or on the unit 's financial performance this year -- except to deny a published report that outside accountants had discovered evidence of significant accounting errors in the first three quarters ' results . 
an accounting controversy at the end of last year forced boston co. to admit it had UNKNOWN pretax profits by some $ 99 million . 
the resulting scandal led to the UNKNOWN of james n. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as boston co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer . 
the executives were accused of improperly UNKNOWN expenses and UNKNOWN revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster UNKNOWN bonuses . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , in turn , attributed the controversy to UNKNOWN errors by accountants and accused shearson of conducting a `` UNKNOWN hunt . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN of moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
the company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
mexico UNKNOWN an average of 9,999,999 barrels of crude oil a day at an average of $ 99.99 a barrel during 9999 's first eight months for a total of $ 9.99 billion , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN s.a. said . 
the state petroleum UNKNOWN said sales in the period gained 99 % , and $ 999.9 million more than originally projected at an average of $ 99 a barrel on an export platform of 9,999,999 barrels a day . 
chicago - 
sears , roebuck & co. is struggling as it enters the critical christmas season . 
yesterday , the retailing and financial services giant reported a 99 % drop in third-quarter earnings to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from a restated $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
but the news was even worse for sears 's core u.s. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
sears said its u.s. stores had a loss of $ 9.9 million , their first deficit for the period in more than five years . 
analysts estimated that sales at u.s. stores declined in the quarter , too . 
the results underscore sears 's difficulties in UNKNOWN the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in march as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business . 
under the new approach , sears set prices that were somewhere between its old `` regular '' and `` sale '' prices . 
the company said it would resort far less often to UNKNOWN prices to woo shoppers . 
sears officials insist they do n't intend to UNKNOWN the everyday pricing approach in the face of the poor results . 
instead , a spokesman blames the dismal third-quarter showing on `` an environment that is being distorted by a very harsh climate for sales of durable goods , '' which account for roughly two-thirds of sears 's annual merchandise volume . 
the new pricing strategy `` is working , '' the spokesman asserted . 
he added that , after an initial surge triggered by an advertising UNKNOWN in march , sears expected that the pricing program would n't have any effect on revenue . 
sears has been counting on growth coming from the large displays of UNKNOWN merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls `` power UNKNOWN . '' 
but analysts say sears faces an especially UNKNOWN challenge on the UNKNOWN of the christmas shopping season . 
`` i believe everyday pricing in the current environment does n't work , '' says walter UNKNOWN of morgan stanley & co. , pointing to soft UNKNOWN sales . 
`` sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values . '' 
in what amounts to an admission that the transition has n't gone as smoothly as sears had hoped , the giant retailer is now trying new ways to UNKNOWN up business without UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN strategy . 
the company is UNKNOWN more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to UNKNOWN finance charges on certain UNKNOWN items . 
sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message . 
in a new tv ad , for instance , a woman going through the sunday newspaper brands as UNKNOWN claims by other stores that they are offering goods for `` 99 % , 99 % and 99 % off . 
'' by lowering prices throughout its stores , she says , `` sears has the right idea . '' 
but the ad also UNKNOWN sears 's sales -- a topic that the retailer has avoided since switching to everyday pricing . 
`` when sears has a sale at a special price , '' the woman in the ad declares , `` it 's something you do n't want to miss . '' 
recent UNKNOWN by leo j. shapiro & associates , a market research firm in chicago , suggest that sears is having a tough time attracting shoppers because it has n't yet done enough to improve service or its selection of merchandise . 
the number of people who said they were more likely to shop at sears fell in september to 99 % from 99 % in march , when sears UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN with ads about its new pricing strategy . 
moreover , the number of people who UNKNOWN cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in sears declined to 99 % in september from 99 % in march . 
just 9 % of the respondents mentioned brands in september , up slightly from 9 % in march . 
only 9 % of the people in september cited sears 's `` friendly personnel . '' 
`` the power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in march and april , has diminished , '' says george UNKNOWN , president of shapiro & associates . 
`` you see some improvement in these other areas , but it 's a very small and slow process . '' 
for the third quarter , sears said its total revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99.99 billion a year earlier . 
net income at sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as u.s. stores , fell 99 % . 
profit at sears 's UNKNOWN insurance unit fell 99 % to $ 999.9 million because of hurricane hugo , which UNKNOWN the greatest single storm damage loss in the company 's history . 
sears said claims from the storm , as expected , reduced its third-quarter net by $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share . 
UNKNOWN is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims UNKNOWN in from the san francisco earthquake . 
but a spokesman said the quake wo n't have as big a financial impact on UNKNOWN as hurricane hugo did . 
net income at sears 's dean witter UNKNOWN services group , meanwhile , rose nearly 99 % to $ 99.9 million , reflecting improvements in its basic stock brokerage and discover credit card businesses . 
profit at sears 's UNKNOWN banker real estate group nearly UNKNOWN to $ 99.9 million because of gains on sales of property . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , sears shares closed at $ 99.99 , up 99.9 cents . 
oil imports to japan rose 99 % in september from year-earlier levels , according to statistics released by the government 's ministry of international trade and industry . 
the imports , totaling 99.9 million barrels , were 99 % lower than august levels . 
the UNKNOWN rise was partly because of higher demand for petroleum products , and partly because of tax changes in 9999 that left oil companies with high inventories in the UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN period . 
imports of crude from the middle east grew 99 % from year-earlier levels , and southeast asian crude imports grew 99 % . 
while mideast crude imports were higher compared with year-earlier levels , they fell 99 % compared with august imports . 
southeast asian crude imports , however , were 9.9 % higher than august . 
this is in response to george UNKNOWN 's business world column `` the housing market is a bigger mess than you think '' ( UNKNOWN page , sept. 99 ) . 
in houston , we have seen how bad the housing problem can become . 
unused houses UNKNOWN rapidly , affecting the value of nearby homes ; in a UNKNOWN effect , the entire neighborhood can fall victim . 
at this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage UNKNOWN current market value . 
but most of them could have UNKNOWN to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
the problem is so vast that we need to try UNKNOWN solutions -- in UNKNOWN experiments . 
here are some ideas : 
9 ) foreclosed homes could be sold by the fha for no down payment ( the biggest obstacle to young buyers ) , but with personal liability for the mortgage ( no walking away by choice ) . 
9 ) encourage long-term UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN one month 's payment ( off the UNKNOWN end of the mortgage ) for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment UNKNOWN to the end of the mortgage ( UNKNOWN ) , but `` UNKNOWN '' on a monthly UNKNOWN basis as long as the owner remains the UNKNOWN . 
9 ) develop UNKNOWN agreements with exclusive purchase options for the UNKNOWN . 
an UNKNOWN will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house . 
in this way , the house is not dumped on to a UNKNOWN market . 
john f. merrill 
houston 
the federal housing administration , veterans administration and the department of housing and urban development further UNKNOWN the problem of affordable housing stock by `` buying in '' to their foreclosed properties ( of which there are , UNKNOWN , many ) at an UNKNOWN `` balance due '' -- say $ 99,999 on a house worth $ 99,999 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth . 
worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so , but are UNKNOWN eventually ( because of the UNKNOWN of the low down payment , UNKNOWN . ) to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage and needed repairs ; and having little UNKNOWN interest that buyer will walk away and the UNKNOWN cycle UNKNOWN itself all over again . 
paul UNKNOWN 
italy 's unemployment rate rose to 99 % of the labor force in july from 99.9 % in april , and was up from 99.9 % a year earlier , according to quarterly figures from the state statistical institute . 
UNKNOWN said a national survey during the first week of july showed the number of job UNKNOWN was 9,999,999 up from 9,999,999 in april , and from 9,999,999 a year ago . 
the unemployment rate was by far the highest in the southern , so-called UNKNOWN region . 
the southern unemployment rate rose to 99.9 % in july from 99.9 % in april and from 99.9 % a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN said 999,999 more people were employed in july than in april . 
xerox corp. 's third-quarter net income grew 9.9 % on 9.9 % higher revenue , earning mixed reviews from wall street analysts . 
quarter net for the UNKNOWN and financial-services company rose to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
revenue rose to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , xerox closed at $ 99.99 a share , up $ 9 . 
sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said b. alex UNKNOWN , who follows the company for prudential-bache securities inc . 
sales of xerox UNKNOWN and other office products grew 9.9 % ; `` we expected growth of 9 % to 9 % , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
UNKNOWN margins slipped almost 99 % , to 9.9 % of sales , the analyst noted . 
still , with competitors such as eastman kodak co. UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN sales , xerox 's sales increases `` were encouraging , '' says eugene glazer of dean witter reynolds inc . 
`` they are holding their own in a weak market , and the restructuring is working , '' he says . 
david t. UNKNOWN , xerox chairman and chief executive officer , cited the restructuring and `` strong '' cost controls for the 99 % growth in profit from business products and systems operations . 
mr. glazer expects xerox to experience tough UNKNOWN , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains . 
in the quarter , the UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN insurance unit reported $ 999 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations . 
the subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 999 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 99 million for claims connected with hurricane hugo . 
for the nine months , xerox earned $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 9.9 % from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99.99 billion . 
new orders for durable goods fell back slightly in september after UNKNOWN up the month before , reflecting weakening auto demand after a UNKNOWN of orders for new 9999 models , the commerce department reported . 
orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 9.9 % last month , to $ 999.99 billion , after UNKNOWN 9.9 % in august , the department said . 
most analysts had expected a sharper decline after the steep rise in august . 
moreover , a recent government report showing widespread UNKNOWN in manufacturing had contributed to perceptions that the manufacturing sector of the economy had slowed to a UNKNOWN . 
but many economists pointed to a 9.9 % september rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
that `` suggests the manufacturing sector is not falling apart , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an economist at manufacturers hanover securities corp. in new york . 
she added , however : `` it is not robust by any means . '' 
while a decline in orders for cars and UNKNOWN airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment UNKNOWN it up . 
orders for capital defense goods UNKNOWN 99 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment . 
orders for military goods usually UNKNOWN in september , government officials say , as the pentagon UNKNOWN to spend its money before the new fiscal year begins oct. 9 . 
while all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a commerce department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the UNKNOWN surge in defense orders . 
without the increase in defense bookings , september orders would have plummeted 9.9 % . 
analysts were most unsettled by evidence the backlog of orders at factories is slipping . 
UNKNOWN orders for durable goods rose 9.9 % in september , to $ 999.99 billion , after declining for the first time in 9 9\/9 years in august . 
in july UNKNOWN orders grew 9 % . 
but analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order UNKNOWN have declined for three months in a row . 
`` it means we 're eating into the UNKNOWN that keeps us going . 
that is a little disturbing , '' ms. UNKNOWN said . 
`` it also means if you have a real UNKNOWN in orders , production will likely fall off very quickly because there is less to keep things going . '' 
capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 9.9 % drop after a 99.9 % decline . 
such steep drops in a category seen as a barometer of business investment would UNKNOWN be grave news for the economy . 
but a commerce department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in UNKNOWN aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year . 
still , milton hudson , senior economic adviser at morgan UNKNOWN trust co. in new york , said : `` if you look back a UNKNOWN or so the evidence was pretty good of UNKNOWN strength in the UNKNOWN sector . 
now at least there are question marks about that , and without any question the pace of growth has slowed . 
norfolk southern corp. directors authorized the railroad company to buy back as many as 99 million of its shares , which would have a current value of more than $ 9.9 billion . 
the buy-back , coupled with a nearly completed earlier purchase of 99 million shares , would reduce shares outstanding by more than 99 % . 
the norfolk , va. , company has 999.9 million shares outstanding . 
in a statement , arnold b. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that the new repurchase program `` should serve to UNKNOWN shareholder value . '' 
a spokeswoman said the company will finance the buy-back with cash on hand , borrowing and `` cash norfolk expects to generate . '' 
analysts said they expected the action , and investors UNKNOWN the move . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , norfolk southern shares closed at $ 99.999 , up $ 9.999 . 
still , analysts do n't expect the buy-back to significantly affect per-share earnings in the short term . 
`` the impact wo n't be that great , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of first boston corp . 
that is in part because of the effect of having to average the number of shares outstanding , she said . 
in addition , mrs. UNKNOWN said , norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus UNKNOWN some interest income . 
longer term , however , the buy-back is expected to increase earnings , especially after 9999 , mrs. UNKNOWN said . 
moreover , the extensive program in effect UNKNOWN a floor for the stock price , said joel price , analyst for donaldson , lufkin & jenrette . 
the buy-back `` is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a { price } floor , '' he said . 
`` at a certain price , if the management thinks { the stock } is cheap , they can go in and buy it . '' 
under the program , norfolk plans to acquire shares in the open market . 
under the earlier plan , norfolk was authorized in 9999 to buy up to 99 million shares . 
it has purchased about 99 million of them . 
john b. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , resigned as chairman of this UNKNOWN truck manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor . 
last month , mr. UNKNOWN was succeeded by ralph e. UNKNOWN as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance . 
falcon holding group inc. said it agreed to acquire about 99,999 subscribers from first carolina cable tv limited partnership for about $ 999 million , or roughly $ 9,999 a subscriber . 
the subscribers are in 99 different communities in georgia , UNKNOWN and mississippi . 
completion of the sale is expected early next year , falcon said . 
currently , falcon has about 999,999 UNKNOWN subscribers around the nation ; the company 's UNKNOWN unit reported 9999 revenue of about $ 999 million . 
in composite trading on the american stock exchange , falcon closed at $ 99 , unchanged . 
richard w. lock , retired vice president and treasurer of UNKNOWN inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members . 
usx corp. said it delayed the proposed initial public offering of common stock of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. because of market conditions . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is owned jointly by usx and quantum chemical corp . 
usx , which had n't set a date for the offering , did n't disclose any UNKNOWN for the offering . 
your oct. 9 editorial `` UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN '' on the recent `` education summit '' was like most pieces on the subject of education : it had little to say . 
oddly , though , on the very same page you printed a comment that UNKNOWN one of the most serious UNKNOWN of the american education system . 
unfortunately , the comment was buried in another article , so it could not stand out in an education context . 
in the manager 's journal , UNKNOWN kageyama , in commenting on many differences between american and japanese culture , said , `` japanese children are raised in a way many americans would find severe . 
after a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN early UNKNOWN , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . '' 
what far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that american children , on the whole , are among the most UNKNOWN in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful . 
unless parents and educators UNKNOWN start to develop more discipline in children , all the worthy concern , discussions and actions will not solve the problem . 
allen b. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
retired adm. william j. UNKNOWN , former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , and robert p. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer of schering-plough corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm . 
the board expanded to 99 seats . 
tuesday , october 99 , 9999 
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
prime rate : 99 9\/9 % . 
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks . 
federal funds : 9 9\/9 % high , 9 9\/9 % low , 9 99\/99 % near closing bid , 9 99\/99 % offered . 
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 9 million or more . 
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a . ) inc . 
discount rate : 9 % . 
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank . 
call money : 9 9\/9 % to 99 % . 
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 to 999 days ; 9 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.999 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days . 
commercial paper : high-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 9,999 : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days . 
certificates of deposit : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % two months ; 9.99 % three months ; 9 % six months ; 9.99 % one year . 
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 9 million and more . 
the minimum unit is $ 999,999 . 
typical rates in the secondary market : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % three months ; 9.99 % six months . 
bankers acceptances : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days . 
negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
london late eurodollars : 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % one month ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % two months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % three months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % four months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % five months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % six months . 
london interbank offered rates ( libor ) : 9 99\/99 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/9 % six months ; 9 9\/9 % one year . 
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks . 
foreign prime rates : canada 99.99 % ; germany 9 % ; japan 9.999 % ; switzerland 9.99 % ; britain 99 % . 
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 99 , 9999 , auction of short-term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 99,999 to $ 9 million : 9.99 % 99 weeks ; 9.99 % 99 weeks . 
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ) : posted yields on 99-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days . 
9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.999 % , 9 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) : posted yields on 99 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days ( priced at par ) 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.99 % , 9\/9 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 9.99 % . 
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 99 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
roy e. UNKNOWN , the company 's president and chief operating officer since sept. 9 , was named to its board . 
the appointment increased the number of directors to 99 , three of whom are company employees . 
simpson is an auto parts maker . 
japan has climbed up from the UNKNOWN of world war ii and a gross national product of about $ 999 per capita to reach the UNKNOWN class among industrialized nations . 
now this remarkable economic growth seems to be coming to an end because the government has not converted itself into a modern , democratic , `` developed nation '' mode of operation . 
until 9999 , when japan joined the $ 99,999 per capita gnp club of the advanced countries , it was a model developing nation . 
the government built UNKNOWN , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and UNKNOWN . 
when industries were weak , it protected them . 
it gave the japanese people a value system , based on the UNKNOWN that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus . 
individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
that system has worked . 
the standard of living has increased steadily over the past 99 years ; more than 99 % of the people consider themselves middle class . 
the people have given their leading and only credible political party , the liberal democratic party , clear and UNKNOWN power for those 99 years . 
the ldp won by a UNKNOWN in the last election , in july 9999 . 
but less than two years later , the ldp started to UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN rose to unprecedented heights . 
the symptoms all point to one thing : japan does not have a modern government . 
its government still wants to sit in the UNKNOWN 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , with 999 million people in the back seat . 
in a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice . 
it also allows people to buy the best and the UNKNOWN goods from anywhere in the world . 
the japanese government does n't allow this . 
the ministry of agriculture and UNKNOWN actually is a ministry for farmers and UNKNOWN instead of a ministry of provisions . 
the ministry of health and welfare is a ministry of doctors and pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization UNKNOWN to protecting the health of the people . 
the ministry of education is nothing but a UNKNOWN for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students . 
the ministry of construction UNKNOWN concrete throughout the country and boasts in international UNKNOWN that japan 's UNKNOWN roadway per capita is the UNKNOWN in the world , but they UNKNOWN think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic . 
the ministry of transportation serves the industry , certainly not the passengers who must pay UNKNOWN high prices . 
and the ministry of foreign affairs works for itself , supporting japanese UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN UNKNOWN aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's . 
this ministry has done nothing to correct the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN that are at the root of japan 's deteriorating image . 
instead , it seems to be using foreign pressure and even the trade conflict to expand its UNKNOWN of influence UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN other UNKNOWN . 
all this illustrates that japanese UNKNOWN still have a `` provider '' UNKNOWN ; they do not serve the people , and particularly not consumers . 
they serve the industries and the special-interest groups . 
the rest of the world accepted such methods when japan was developing . 
japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing UNKNOWN . 
japan is not a political country . 
it is a bureaucratic country . 
the diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system . 
most bills are drafted by bureaucrats , not politicians . 
the diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever ldp does that it would be a waste of time . 
so most bills are passed without full discussion ; particularly difficult bills are passed in the absence of the opposition parties . 
a recent example is the 9 % consumption tax on all commercial activities . 
this makes enormous sense in japan , where direct tax accounts for more than 99 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair . 
if you are a UNKNOWN man , UNKNOWN ! 999 % captured . 
if you are a retailer , 99 % , and a farmer , 99 % . 
to correct this UNKNOWN , most people would have favored an indirect tax , like the consumption tax . 
but the bill was passed without debate in the diet , in the absence of the opposition . 
as a result , the japanese people did n't know what to expect when the new law was introduced on april 9 . 
they were UNKNOWN by the longer UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN and the small coins given as change . 
all of a sudden , prices were no longer in denominations of 999 or 999 . 
they were 999 or 999 . 
pockets UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN coins . 
while people were UNKNOWN their change , the ldp politicians were caught in scandals . 
money , such as in recruit 's political donations , and women , as in the cases of prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and secretary general UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN have caused political scandals in japan . 
UNKNOWN most men were a bit UNKNOWN about the sex scandals ( though they were UNKNOWN about recruit ) , women were upset about both and surged to the polls . 
in the recent upper house and tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the socialist party won a UNKNOWN victory , 99 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 99 % . 
it is difficult to UNKNOWN how much of their anger was due to recruit , the sex scandals , or the UNKNOWN coins in their UNKNOWN , but they obviously were voting to punish the ldp . 
taken by surprise , the socialist party is busy changing its UNKNOWN . 
it 's now ok to deal with the u.s. , but not the soviet union . 
nuclear power plants are acceptable . 
the UNKNOWN security treaty can continue , sort of . 
and so on . 
against the rapid cosmetic overhaul of the socialist party the ldp has been UNKNOWN . 
now is the time to reform the government from a provider , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN role to that of a modern , industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice . 
if the ldp , as currently UNKNOWN , ca n't make the UNKNOWN , then it should split into two parties . 
one party could stand for consumer interests , small government , free trade and UNKNOWN to put japan clearly among the most developed and open countries . 
the other party could continue on the traditional track of the ldp , representing the manufacturers ' preference for larger government , control , regulation and UNKNOWN . 
the ldp must make a decision immediately ; lower house elections must take place before june . 
in the current mood of the japanese people , journalists and even some UNKNOWN , giving power to the UNKNOWN might be good for the ldp , UNKNOWN it of past UNKNOWN . 
we must not forget , however , that such a UNKNOWN political experiment could cause a global UNKNOWN wave of UNKNOWN in real-estate and financial markets . 
at the most there is only nine months before the ldp UNKNOWN burns out . 
mr. UNKNOWN is managing director of UNKNOWN & co. in japan . 
early this century , diamond mining in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN where the UNKNOWN desert UNKNOWN the atlantic ocean was a day at the beach . 
men would UNKNOWN in the sand looking for UNKNOWN stones . 
it was as easy as collecting sea UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN . 
men are still UNKNOWN the beach with UNKNOWN and hand UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN for that unusual UNKNOWN . 
but only after a fleet of 999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN vehicles UNKNOWN to de beers consolidated mines ltd. , the world 's diamond UNKNOWN , do their work . 
last year , 99 million tons of desert were moved from one UNKNOWN to another to recover 999,999 UNKNOWN , which comes to 99 tons of sand per carat , or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN yes , the atlantic was also pushed back 999 UNKNOWN . 
`` if there 's diamonds out there , we 'll get to them , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , de beers 's engineering manager . 
here , UNKNOWN between shifting UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN waves at the world 's most UNKNOWN diamond UNKNOWN , lies the earth 's most precious UNKNOWN box . 
thanks to UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN by mother nature -- first in the UNKNOWN current of the orange river that carried the stones from south africa 's UNKNOWN , then in the cold UNKNOWN of the ocean , and finally in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the desert -- 99 % of the diamonds uncovered are of UNKNOWN quality . 
while other mines might yield more UNKNOWN , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
since this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is too big to fit in a bank UNKNOWN , it has been turned into one . 
months after UNKNOWN worker UNKNOWN UNKNOWN first picked up a diamond from the sand in 9999 , the german UNKNOWN who controlled UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a wide UNKNOWN of the desert -- about 999 miles north from the orange river and 99 miles inland from the atlantic -- a restricted area , a UNKNOWN normally UNKNOWN for military operations . 
when the germans lost world war i , they lost UNKNOWN to south africa and the diamonds to ernest oppenheimer , UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN american corp. and de beers . 
today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without de beers 's UNKNOWN approval . 
the mining zone has thus remained one of the most UNKNOWN places in africa . 
UNKNOWN towns UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , proving diamonds are n't forever . 
UNKNOWN , the mine headquarters , is a UNKNOWN corporate UNKNOWN of 9,999 residents . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the streets at night , and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with long straight UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN in from the desert to drink from water UNKNOWN . 
on most days , the desert 's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a UNKNOWN like a damp UNKNOWN . 
the wind , UNKNOWN with sand , never seems to stop . 
still , UNKNOWN from all parts of UNKNOWN as well as professional staff from de beers 's head offices in south africa and london keep coming . 
and UNKNOWN boasts UNKNOWN besides diamonds . 
there are six video UNKNOWN shops , three restaurants , one UNKNOWN and 99 sports and recreation UNKNOWN for everything from UNKNOWN to lawn UNKNOWN . 
the pride of UNKNOWN is the UNKNOWN golf course -- with the largest sand trap in the world . 
last year , when the rising orange river threatened to UNKNOWN the course , the same engineers who are pushing back the atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood . 
`` nothing is too good for our golf course , '' says tony george , a mining engineer . 
despite fears the mine may be partially UNKNOWN by the new UNKNOWN government following next month 's elections UNKNOWN the country from south african control , de beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's UNKNOWN life for another 99 years , from the current estimate of 99 . 
huge machines that look as though they came from the star wars UNKNOWN scene UNKNOWN among the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN probe the sand like giant UNKNOWN ; a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN instead of seats , UNKNOWN through UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN sand ; tracks and UNKNOWN belts , UNKNOWN sand to the UNKNOWN plants , UNKNOWN the beach . 
then there is the UNKNOWN sea wall , 999 UNKNOWN long and 99 UNKNOWN thick , UNKNOWN into the ocean . 
made of sand , it receives UNKNOWN UNKNOWN against the UNKNOWN waves . 
when the mining in front of the wall is complete , it is moved UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that helps hold back the sea looks like a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean UNKNOWN them aside like UNKNOWN . 
then someone decided to try UNKNOWN UNKNOWN equipment that , UNKNOWN , held against the waves . 
`` the caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' UNKNOWN mr. george . 
`` they figure it 's not a very good UNKNOWN . '' 
despite all these UNKNOWN , most of the diamonds are still found in the sand UNKNOWN away by the men UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN -- the UNKNOWN named `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' who UNKNOWN in the wake of the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN in blue and gray UNKNOWN , they are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out UNKNOWN , and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds . 
but should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value . 
for these workers at the bottom of the mine 's pay scale , this is usually enough to overcome the UNKNOWN to steal -- a crime that could earn them up to 99 years in jail . 
still , employees do occasionally try to UNKNOWN out a UNKNOWN or two . 
one man UNKNOWN several diamonds in the UNKNOWN of his tie . 
another UNKNOWN a hole in the UNKNOWN of his shoe . 
a food UNKNOWN UNKNOWN stones in the false bottom of a milk UNKNOWN . 
none made it past the body UNKNOWN and x-rays of mine security . 
disaster states are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery . 
not yet , anyway . 
just after hurricane hugo battered south carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
gov. campbell responded , `` they 're UNKNOWN UNKNOWN when there 's been a hanging in the family . '' 
a spokesman says the governor believes he can avoid increases by relying on federal aid and shifting funds in state programs . 
still , hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes . 
a spokesman for north carolina gov. martin says hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases . 
california , where earthquake damage may top $ 9 billion , plans a special legislative session . 
UNKNOWN relief is likely . 
legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although gov. deukmejian says they should be a last resort . 
needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult . 
but some legislators think the time may be UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN the constitution . 
the irs will pay if its error burdens you with bank charges . 
policy statement UNKNOWN sets out terms . 
as a result of an UNKNOWN irs levy on a bank account , a taxpayer may UNKNOWN administrative and UNKNOWN charges . 
if the irs admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will UNKNOWN a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to irs inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or UNKNOWN the error . 
the irs recently amended the policy to cover UNKNOWN charges for checks lost by the irs . 
if the irs asks for and gets a replacement for a check that it concedes it lost in processing , it will UNKNOWN the taxpayer for the UNKNOWN charge on the original . 
UNKNOWN claims must be filed with the irs district or UNKNOWN director within a year after the expense UNKNOWN . 
if the irs seeks UNKNOWN interest because of the lost check , you should request interest UNKNOWN , publisher UNKNOWN hall notes . 
just five acres more are all we need to feel really at home , they say . 
a couple we 'll call the UNKNOWN spent nearly $ 999,999 on a UNKNOWN plot and main home and have an old $ 999,999 mortgage exempt from the new limit on UNKNOWN deductions . 
they plan to expand the home site by buying five UNKNOWN acres for $ 999,999 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also UNKNOWN by the 99 acres . 
their debt will be well under the $ 9 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN deductions . 
as you can guess , the UNKNOWN want to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN interest on the $ 999,999 loan . 
but , irs private ruling UNKNOWN notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence . 
so the irs has drawn a UNKNOWN from the sale of a home site split in two and sold in different years to the same buyer ; a court let the seller in that old case treat this as the sale of one residence . 
thus , the irs says , the UNKNOWN ' $ 999,999 loan is UNKNOWN debt , and interest on it is fully deductible . 
earthquake victims facing imminent filing and payment UNKNOWN will get UNKNOWN and penalty UNKNOWN like those provided for hugo 's victims ; irs notice UNKNOWN has details . 
notice UNKNOWN offers added relief for UNKNOWN concerns that must file pension and UNKNOWN returns . 
reports of payments to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' UNKNOWN income will be detected that way . 
the general accounting office estimates that 99 % of irs UNKNOWN do n't spot companies that fail to file the reports . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : 
a claim by peter UNKNOWN of new york that a UNKNOWN paid him $ 999 to go into a bank and change $ 99,999 in small bills into large bills `` is UNKNOWN , '' the tax court found . 
it held that UNKNOWN is taxable on $ 99,999 of UNKNOWN income . 
why be a UNKNOWN for charitable UNKNOWN ? a UNKNOWN asks . 
a retired electrical engineer we 'll call ben works UNKNOWN as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that social security reduces his benefits . 
so he has arranged for a university foundation to set up a UNKNOWN fund for UNKNOWN engineering students . 
he plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him ; he would UNKNOWN those fees from income reported on his return . 
so he asked the irs if the plan would work . 
well , notes irs private ruling UNKNOWN , `` a fundamental principle '' is that income must be UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN earns it . 
the rule goes back at least as far as a 9999 supreme court decision , robert UNKNOWN of shearson lehman hutton says . 
if you UNKNOWN your income to another , you still have controlled its UNKNOWN and enjoyed the UNKNOWN of your labor , even if indirectly . 
ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them , the irs says ; of course , he also may take a charitable deduction for them . 
UNKNOWN : 
ways and means veteran UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) moves to the house budget committee ; rep. UNKNOWN ( d. , md . ) UNKNOWN him ... . 
seattle 's license fees for adult UNKNOWN shows vary from those for other UNKNOWN UNKNOWN without serving a substantial government interest and are UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN appeals court holds for UNKNOWN investments inc . 
blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they UNKNOWN in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly UNKNOWN proliferation of special interest magazines . 
criticism from such big advertisers as UNKNOWN lauder inc. , colgate-palmolive co. and seagram co. put a UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN at the american magazine conference here . 
the conference opened monday with UNKNOWN reports about consumer magazines ' growth in circulation and advertising revenue in the past year . 
`` magazines are not providing us UNKNOWN information on circulation , '' said edgar UNKNOWN jr. , president and chief operating officer of seagram , in a panel discussion . 
`` how do readers feel about the magazine ? 
how deeply do they read it ? 
research does n't tell us whether people actually do read the magazines they UNKNOWN to . '' 
UNKNOWN mark , chief executive of colgate-palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of magazines ' audiences . 
`` we need research that UNKNOWN us that magazines are a real value in reader 's lives , that readers are really involved . '' 
the critics also UNKNOWN the magazine industry for something executives often are very proud of : the growth in magazine UNKNOWN during the 9999s . 
UNKNOWN lauder , president and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` UNKNOWN , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the UNKNOWN interests of readers . 
`` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN our advertising dollars , '' said mr. lauder . 
`` we are being UNKNOWN . 
we are constantly faced with deciding which partnerships { with magazines } we can keep . '' 
he added : `` there 's probably even a magazine for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ... but the general interest magazine is something we all miss , and it should come back . '' 
mr. lauder also attacked what he sees as the wide UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , a fashion magazine published by UNKNOWN communications inc. , and criticized the practice of UNKNOWN ads at the front of magazines . 
`` readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
magazine editors did not take the criticisms lying down . 
`` we spend a fortune on research information , '' said steve UNKNOWN , publisher of meredith corp. 's metropolitan home . 
and UNKNOWN brown , editor of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN publications inc. 's UNKNOWN fair , said advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions in the back of her magazine to UNKNOWN ad clutter . 
`` but advertisers would n't think of it , '' she said . 
bernard UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , added : `` our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for . 
wall street securities giant salomon inc. posted a big , unexpected earnings gain in the third quarter , buoyed by its securities trading and investment banking activities . 
salomon said net income soared to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue more than doubled to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
a salomon spokesman said its stock , bond and foreign exchange trading , as well as its investment banking operations , were mostly responsible for the earnings jump . 
`` the earnings were fine and above expectations , '' said michael w. UNKNOWN , an analyst at first boston corp . 
nevertheless , salomon 's stock fell $ 9.999 yesterday to close at $ 99.99 a share in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
`` i suspect october was n't as good as the third quarter , and they 'll have difficulty matching the third quarter in the fourth quarter , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
but some analysts say salomon has turned the corner . 
`` i upgraded the firm to my buy list because i certainly see signs of improvement , '' says lawrence UNKNOWN , an analyst at prudential-bache securities . 
`` the market has been UNKNOWN harsh to them . '' 
analysts say investors remain UNKNOWN toward salomon because of its volatile earnings . 
in the first quarter , salomon had a record loss of $ 99 million on revenue of $ 9.99 billion . 
but in the second quarter , salomon posted a record $ 999 million net on revenue of $ 9.99 billion . 
for the real estate industry , a UNKNOWN for the 9999s will be buy , more than build . 
that 's the word expected to be on the UNKNOWN of the more than 9,999 developers , UNKNOWN advisers and real estate UNKNOWN slated to UNKNOWN a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the urban land institute . 
the UNKNOWN is a non-profit research and education group based in washington , d.c. , with 99,999 members nationwide . 
with the market UNKNOWN , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks . 
developers and money managers are looking for UNKNOWN among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country . 
real estate professionals now often bill themselves as `` turnaround experts '' and `` UNKNOWN specialists . '' 
conference UNKNOWN are expected to be UNKNOWN about the UNKNOWN of the recently formed resolution trust corp. , a federal agency charged with UNKNOWN of an estimated $ 999 billion of real estate dumped in government hands by insolvent savings and loans . 
developers are also UNKNOWN the real estate portfolios of major corporations . 
some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in europe . 
and other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the u.s. . 
`` there are n't as many economically viable alternatives for real estate developers in this country as 99 years ago , '' says charles UNKNOWN , a chicago-based real estate developer . `` 
so developers are saying they will look into distressed properties . 
they 'll go into someone else 's UNKNOWN as long as it 's UNKNOWN than the one they 're in now . '' 
developers are also UNKNOWN more joint ventures with pension funds and insurance companies that can finance big projects . 
the builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay UNKNOWN in the soft market . 
`` developers are UNKNOWN up with institutions often acting as project managers , '' says UNKNOWN york , UNKNOWN president and president of york properties inc. , of UNKNOWN , n.c . 
`` they are growing more UNKNOWN about their role . '' 
real estate firms are also using their UNKNOWN with financial institutions to UNKNOWN acquisition funds . 
`` why should you beat your UNKNOWN out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an UNKNOWN market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? '' says jack UNKNOWN , managing partner of the los angeles office of kenneth UNKNOWN inc. a national accounting firm . 
but experts say that when it comes to distressed properties , finding diamonds in the rough is n't easy . 
the level of interest in the rtc 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says UNKNOWN ross , UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN partner . 
and to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time . 
finding pension funds and other sources willing to invest is a high priority . 
UNKNOWN david UNKNOWN , director of real estate research for salomon brothers inc. : `` a theme of the urban land conference will be ` take a pension fund manager to lunch . 
sheraton corp. and pan american world airways announced that they and two soviet partners will UNKNOWN two `` UNKNOWN '' hotels within a UNKNOWN of red square in moscow . 
u.s. and soviet officials UNKNOWN the joint project as a new indication of the further UNKNOWN in u.s.-soviet relations . 
`` this is an outstanding example of how the east and the west can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said soviet ambassador UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN a signing UNKNOWN for the venture 's partners at the soviet embassy here . 
commerce secretary robert mosbacher , who attended the UNKNOWN , called the UNKNOWN a `` historic step '' in the evolution of u.s.-soviet ties . 
he added that it likely will have a `` UNKNOWN effect '' in UNKNOWN further trade between the two countries . 
the project will be the largest UNKNOWN joint venture to be undertaken in the soviet union in recent years . 
one of the hotels , to be called the sheraton moscow , will have 999 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 99 million to build . 
the UNKNOWN hotel will be on gorky street and initially will UNKNOWN mostly to business travelers . 
it will have a russian UNKNOWN , an english UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN and japanese and italian restaurants , according to a sheraton announcement . 
the hotel is scheduled to open in 9999 . 
the second hotel , to be called the UNKNOWN hotel , is to be UNKNOWN at a site even closer to red square . 
details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
sheraton , a subsidiary of itt corp. , will have a 99 % share in the two hotels ; pan american , a subsidiary of pan am corp. , will have a 99 % share . 
the soviet owners will be UNKNOWN , moscow 's city governing body , and UNKNOWN , the soviet national airline . 
although a UNKNOWN group has a minority interest in an already operating moscow hotel , the UNKNOWN am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the soviet union to have as much as 99 % foreign ownership . 
u.s. companies account for less than 9 % of the 9,999 or more soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the soviets began encouraging such UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
but some u.s. companies are negotiating projects that could be among the biggest ones to be launched . 
chevron corp. , amoco corp. , UNKNOWN co. , and eastman kodak co. are among the u.s. companies known to be considering such ventures . 
sheraton and pan am said they are assured under the soviet joint-venture law that they can UNKNOWN profits from their hotel venture . 
the sheraton moscow will charge about $ 999 to $ 999 a day for each of its rooms , and it will accept payment only in currencies that can be traded in foreign exchange markets , according to a sheraton executive . 
thomas UNKNOWN , pan am 's chairman , said the u.s. airline 's participation is a natural UNKNOWN of its current arrangements with UNKNOWN to jointly operate UNKNOWN new UNKNOWN flights . 
he said the rising volume of passenger traffic on this route UNKNOWN a major investment in new UNKNOWN moscow hotels . 
david UNKNOWN was named to the new post of executive vice president of the maxwell macmillan group of this communications giant . 
mr. UNKNOWN takes primary responsibility for the electronic and UNKNOWN group . 
he had been group vice president of the UNKNOWN group . 
also , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , formerly a vice president at maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and UNKNOWN companies . 
UNKNOWN honda 's picture now UNKNOWN with henry ford 's in the u.s. automotive hall of fame , and the UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' is soon to be UNKNOWN . 
but no matter how much japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie . 
on second thought , make that just mom . 
a japanese apple called the fuji is UNKNOWN up in UNKNOWN the way UNKNOWN did on u.s. roads . 
by 9999 it will be UNKNOWN more often than any other apple tree , according to a recent survey of six UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by washington state university UNKNOWN robert norton . 
some fruit UNKNOWN say the fuji could UNKNOWN tumble the red delicious from the top of america 's apple UNKNOWN . 
it certainly wo n't get there on looks . 
compared to the red delicious , the UNKNOWN of apple UNKNOWN , the fuji is UNKNOWN more UNKNOWN -- generally smaller , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN of red . 
to hear most u.s. growers tell it , we 'd still be in UNKNOWN if the UNKNOWN had UNKNOWN one to UNKNOWN . 
but how sweet it is . 
it has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a university of massachusetts UNKNOWN , or apple UNKNOWN . 
it has a long shelf life and `` does n't UNKNOWN the public , '' says UNKNOWN auvil , an UNKNOWN , wash. , grower who is UNKNOWN fujis and spreading the good word about them . 
`` it does n't look nice on the outside while getting UNKNOWN inside . '' 
mr. auvil , UNKNOWN sharp at 99 , has picked and packed a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of apples over the past 99 years . 
he is known as the father of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN smith , a UNKNOWN different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on . 
it did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots . 
now , even more radical changes seem UNKNOWN as the grand old UNKNOWN of american apples plays the role of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` the fuji is going to be no. 9 to replace the red delicious , '' he says . 
the delicious UNKNOWN wo n't end UNKNOWN soon . 
new apple trees grow slowly , and the red delicious is almost as entrenched as mom . 
its roots are UNKNOWN -- with the first trees UNKNOWN in 9999 in an UNKNOWN near peru , iowa , to be exact . 
for more than 99 years , it has been the apple of our eye . 
a good delicious can indeed be delicious . 
more than twice as many red delicious apples are grown as the golden variety , america 's no. 9 apple . 
but the apple industry is UNKNOWN for change . 
`` red delicious has been UNKNOWN , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , '' says washington state 's mr. norton . 
the scare over UNKNOWN , a growth regulator that makes apples UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN but may be UNKNOWN , made consumers shy away from the delicious , though they were less affected than the UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . 
`` a lot of growers wo n't be around in a few years , '' says mr. norton , although they have stopped using UNKNOWN . 
one may be william UNKNOWN , a sterling , mass. , grower . 
`` this is beautiful stuff , '' he says , looking UNKNOWN at big boxes of UNKNOWN red delicious next to his barn . 
`` but i 'm going to lose $ 99,999 to $ 99,999 on it . 
i 'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat . '' 
besides UNKNOWN prices , he has been hit recently by UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
some 999 UNKNOWN and 999 diseases UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN through growers ' UNKNOWN , including UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , black UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
even if a grower UNKNOWN them back , his $ 9,999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN might UNKNOWN off to the neighbors ' UNKNOWN instead of UNKNOWN his , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
though growers ca n't always keep the UNKNOWN from the apple , they can protect themselves against the price UNKNOWN of any one variety by diversifying -- into the recently imported UNKNOWN , a sweet new zealand native ; the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , reportedly thomas jefferson 's favorite apple ; UNKNOWN kinds like the UNKNOWN . 
`` i 've UNKNOWN out a lot of delicious '' and UNKNOWN the trees with many different UNKNOWN , says steve wood , a west lebanon , n.h. , grower , UNKNOWN through his UNKNOWN poverty lane UNKNOWN on a UNKNOWN autumn day recently . 
`` i 've got 99 kinds of apples . 
here 's a UNKNOWN , '' he UNKNOWN , picking one off a tree . 
he UNKNOWN it , UNKNOWN and throws it down . `` 
it 's a real dog . '' 
UNKNOWN are getting into the variety act , too . 
they still buy apples mainly for big , red good looks -- that 's why so many taste like UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN bags . 
but UNKNOWN counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for UNKNOWN , but UNKNOWN , and often UNKNOWN , apples . 
`` rather than sell UNKNOWN delicious , maybe we can sell UNKNOWN fujis , '' says chuck UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN director for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. , a minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor . 
the fuji is a product of UNKNOWN japanese UNKNOWN engineering , which UNKNOWN it 99 years ago at a government research UNKNOWN . 
japanese researchers have UNKNOWN dozens of UNKNOWN of fujis to UNKNOWN its color , taste and shelf life . 
now the best of them age as UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN , the industry 's gold standard for UNKNOWN . 
in the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN apples , the fuji 's track record stands out : during the past 99 years , it has gone from almost UNKNOWN to some 99 % of japan 's market . 
`` the japanese apple market is very UNKNOWN to high quality , '' says david lane , a scientist at a canadian UNKNOWN research center in UNKNOWN , british columbia , and so apples are more of a UNKNOWN there than a big food commodity . 
the u.s. department of agriculture estimates that this year americans will eat about 99 % more fresh apples per capita than the japanese . 
the fuji is still small potatoes in the u.s. , sold mainly in fruit UNKNOWN . 
but in california , says craig UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN grower , `` there 's a fuji apple UNKNOWN . 
once somebody UNKNOWN one , they get UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. auvil , the washington grower , says that he could sell fujis to taiwan buyers at $ 99 a box if he had them . 
( taiwan already is a big importer of fujis from other places , he adds . ) 
but his first crop wo n't be picked UNKNOWN next year . 
`` i expect to see the demand exceed supply for fujis for the next 99 to 99 years , '' he adds . 
washington red delicious , by the way , are UNKNOWN for less than $ 99 a box these days . 
mr. auvil sees fujis , in part , as striking a blow against the UNKNOWN of u.s. apples by UNKNOWN . 
`` when the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
a guy is sitting up in an office deciding what you 're going to eat . '' 
after all , until the 9999s even the red delicious was a firm , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
then , as growers UNKNOWN them more for looks , and to UNKNOWN supermarket chains ' demands of long-term storage , the red went into decline . 
now , those red UNKNOWN things stores sell in summer are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but usually not good eating . 
they do deserve respect , however -- they are almost a year old , probably equal to about 999 in human years . 
the fuji , to be sure , has UNKNOWN too . 
it UNKNOWN later than most apples , and growing it in u.s. areas with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN may be tricky . 
moreover , the UNKNOWN fuji must compete with an increasingly UNKNOWN delicious . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the massachusetts grower , says the `` big boss '' at a supermarket chain even rejected his red delicious recently because they were n't UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN for extra UNKNOWN . 
and he had n't used UNKNOWN , which many growers UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN their delicious apples for greater eye appeal . 
still , mr. auvil points out , UNKNOWN became popular without big , red looks , so why not fujis ? 
he sees a shift in american values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance and less on UNKNOWN . 
`` taste has finally come to the UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
or , for that matter , the core . 
brush UNKNOWN inc. said its board increased the number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously authorized program to 9.9 million from 9.9 million . 
the maker of engineered materials has acquired more than 9.9 million shares under the program . 
the state attorney general 's office filed suit against five new york brokerage firms , charging them with responsibility for much of a $ 999 million loss incurred by the state treasurer 's office in 9999 . 
the suit sets the firms ' liability at more than $ 999 million . 
the firms are morgan stanley & co. , salomon brothers inc. , county natwest government securities inc. , greenwich capital markets inc. and goldman , sachs & co . 
the firms have all said that west virginia 's suit is without merit . 
on friday , the firms filed a suit against west virginia in new york state court asking for a UNKNOWN judgment UNKNOWN them of liability . 
that suit is pending . 
the suits UNKNOWN to a $ 999 million loss , disclosed in december , that was suffered by west virginia 's consolidated investment pool . 
the pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments . 
in its suit , the attorney general 's office alleges that brokers encouraged members of the treasurer 's office to engage in UNKNOWN , high-risk transactions that benefited the brokers . 
few people are aware that the federal government UNKNOWN almost as much money as it UNKNOWN . 
from 9999 to 9999 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 9.99 trillion , the government issued $ 999 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 999 billion of new primary loan guarantees . 
these figures UNKNOWN secondary guarantees , deposit insurance , and the activities of UNKNOWN enterprises ( a huge concern in its own right , as detailed on this page may 9 ) . 
federal credit programs date back to the new deal , and were meant to break even financially . 
since the 9999s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget UNKNOWN and deceptive management in particular . 
as we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit . 
but recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control . 
student loan defaults remain high at about 99 % , and the program has been UNKNOWN by allegations of fraud and UNKNOWN . 
farmers home administration ( UNKNOWN ) loans have turned into de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN programs ; losses over the next three years are expected to exceed $ 99 billion . 
defaults on veterans affairs loan guarantees have UNKNOWN in the past eight years . 
last month , the general accounting office reported that defaults in federal housing administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated , and that fha 's equity fell to minus $ 9.9 billion . 
UNKNOWN 's findings are particularly troubling because the fha has about $ 999 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs . 
scores of other credit programs , UNKNOWN agriculture , small business , UNKNOWN , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape . 
if the programs continue their present path , the potential government losses are staggering : the federal government holds $ 999 billion in direct loans outstanding and backs an additional $ 999 billion in primary guarantees . 
( secondary guarantees of pools of fha - and UNKNOWN loans by the agency known as ginnie mae currently exceed $ 999 billion . ) 
although external events have contributed to the UNKNOWN , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and UNKNOWN to all programs . 
to reduce the risks while still retaining the legitimate benefits these programs can provide , credit policy must : 9 . use credit to improve the operation of capital markets , not to provide subsidies . 
there is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program . 
if the program is meant to provide a subsidy , collecting the debt UNKNOWN the original goal . 
thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into UNKNOWN programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time . 
to avoid this problem , government should issue credit only if it intends to use every legal method to collect . 
in contrast , credit programs can be appropriate tools to improve the operation of capital markets . 
for example , legal restrictions on interstate banking once UNKNOWN the supply of credit to the agricultural sector . 
farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a UNKNOWN flow of UNKNOWN funds . 
however , this in no way UNKNOWN the huge government subsidies and losses on such loans . 
credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy . 
for example , student loans currently attempt to UNKNOWN college attendance and UNKNOWN problems created by the fact that students ' future earnings are not accepted as collateral . 
the program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount . 
high default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high . 
families that do not need the loan can make money simply by putting the loan in the bank and paying it back when the student UNKNOWN . 
in contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or UNKNOWN rates . 
while the student was in school , interest costs would either be paid by the student or added to the loan balance . 
this program , combined with cash grants to UNKNOWN students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries . 
9 . provide better incentives . 
given the structure of most credit programs , it is surprising that default rates are not even higher . 
guarantee rates are typically 999 % , giving lenders little reason to screen customers carefully . 
reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 99 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
but it would also encourage lenders to choose more UNKNOWN customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
for example , the small business administration has had reasonable success in reducing both guarantee rates and default rates in its preferred lenders ' program . 
borrowers ' incentives are equally UNKNOWN . 
since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts , the costs to the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN are usually low . 
in addition , it is often possible to obtain a new government loan even if existing debts are not paid off . 
simple policy UNKNOWN in this case would be to improve debt collection ( taking the UNKNOWN off contracted collection agencies ) and to deny new credit to UNKNOWN . 
these provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market UNKNOWN . 
9 . record the true costs of credit programs in the federal budget . 
since the budget measures cash flow , a new $ 9 direct loan is treated as a $ 9 expenditure , even though at least part of the loan will be paid back . 
loan guarantees do n't appear at all until the UNKNOWN defaults , so new guarantees do not raise the deficit , even though they create future liabilities for the government . 
by converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee , the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit . 
UNKNOWN , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 999 billion since 9999 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 99 billion . 
the true UNKNOWN cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
this figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses , or determined by selling loans to private owners ( without federal guarantees ) . 
neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which UNKNOWN the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 99 billion annually , according to the congressional budget office . 
a budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what congress is UNKNOWN them to . 
9 . impose standard accounting and administrative practices . 
creative accounting is a UNKNOWN of federal credit . 
many agencies roll over their debt , paying off UNKNOWN loans by issuing new loans , or converting UNKNOWN loan guarantees into direct loans . 
in any case , they avoid having to write off the loans . 
some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 9999 , the UNKNOWN bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to cuba in the 9999s . 
more seriously , UNKNOWN has carried several billion dollars of UNKNOWN loans at face value . 
until UNKNOWN 's recent audit , fha books had not been subject to a complete external audit in 99 years . 
the administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside UNKNOWN . 
establishing these practices would permit earlier UNKNOWN of emerging financial UNKNOWN , provide better information for loan sales and UNKNOWN decisions , and reduce fraud . 
government lending was not intended to be a way to UNKNOWN spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies . 
the reforms described above would provide a more limited , but UNKNOWN , safer and ultimately more useful role for government as a lender . 
without such reforms , credit programs will continue to be a UNKNOWN , high-risk UNKNOWN for taxpayers . 
mr. UNKNOWN is an assistant professor of economics at UNKNOWN . 
malcolm s. UNKNOWN was named vice president and senior officer in charge of equipment leasing to UNKNOWN , a new effort of this bond insurer . 
mr. UNKNOWN had been vice president and treasurer of UNKNOWN corp . 
president bush is considering casting a line-item veto as a test to determine whether the courts will rule that he has such authority . 
mr. bush has long UNKNOWN for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would UNKNOWN give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill . 
he has argued that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending . 
but some analysts , particularly conservative legal UNKNOWN , have urged mr. bush not to wait for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN but simply to UNKNOWN that the constitution already UNKNOWN gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto . 
such an UNKNOWN most likely would bring about a court challenge from congress that would UNKNOWN whether a president already has such power . 
white house spokesman marlin fitzwater , UNKNOWN comments made this week by vice president dan quayle , said mr. bush is `` interested '' in finding a UNKNOWN test case . 
but he also said that UNKNOWN a test line-item veto is n't a `` top initiative '' on the president 's agenda because he faces UNKNOWN budget issues at the moment . 
harris UNKNOWN , executive vice president of customer satisfaction , was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment . 
mr. UNKNOWN succeeds william r. UNKNOWN jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects . 
the bush administration said it is UNKNOWN a `` comprehensive '' proposal for UNKNOWN agricultural trade that could help break an UNKNOWN in the current round of UNKNOWN trade negotiations . 
the proposal UNKNOWN the u.s. desire to scrap or reduce a host of UNKNOWN subsidies on farm products . 
but it would allow considerable flexibility in UNKNOWN how and when these goals would be achieved . 
the u.s. plan also would ease the transition to UNKNOWN agriculture trade by allowing some countries to convert UNKNOWN barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 99 years . 
trade representative UNKNOWN hills , who along with agriculture secretary UNKNOWN UNKNOWN unveiled the proposal , said she is confident it will gain considerable support from the u.s. 's trading partners . 
mr. UNKNOWN , seeking to UNKNOWN european UNKNOWN to an earlier u.s. plan that called for eliminating all UNKNOWN barriers by the year 9999 , said the new u.s. proposal would n't `` put farmers out of business '' but would only encourage them to `` grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants . '' 
the u.s. is UNKNOWN the proposal today in geneva , hoping that the initiative will spur members of the general agreement on tariffs and trade to reach agreement on new trade rules before their current negotiating round concludes in december 9999 . 
another u.s. proposal filed monday urges more `` fair play '' in services trade , including predictable and clear rules and UNKNOWN in the treatment of foreign and domestic service companies . 
unlike the earlier u.s. UNKNOWN proposal which struck european countries as too UNKNOWN , the latest plan would provide some room for UNKNOWN . 
for instance , the new u.s. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which gatt members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to UNKNOWN their farmers from foreign competition . 
it also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
instead of proposing a complete elimination of farm subsidies , as the earlier u.s. proposal did , the new package calls for the elimination of only the most UNKNOWN ones . 
less UNKNOWN ones would be subject only to some UNKNOWN , and others with a `` relatively minor trade impact '' would be allowed to continue under certain conditions . 
the new u.s. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and UNKNOWN rules to UNKNOWN trade UNKNOWN . 
the goal would be to resolve disputes such as one prompted by the european community 's current attempt to bar imports of beef from UNKNOWN u.s. cattle . 
the u.s. contends that the rules are n't justified on health grounds . 
to encourage more competition among exporting countries , the u.s. is proposing that export subsidies , including tax incentives for UNKNOWN , be phased out in five years . 
procter & gamble co. , helped by a gain from a lawsuit settlement and continued growth overseas , posted a 99 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income . 
net for the quarter ended sept. 99 climbed to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
per-share figures have been adjusted for a 9-for-9 stock split effective oct. 99 . 
sales increased 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
earnings at the UNKNOWN giant were boosted by a gain of $ 999 million , or about 99 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of p&g 's competitors over patents on p&g 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
excluding the gain , p&g 's earnings were close to analysts ' predictions of about $ 9.99 a share for the quarter . 
wall street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results . 
one factor helping sales and earnings was a 9 % price rise for most p&g products , except coffee , analysts said . 
unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 99 % in the international segment , with p&g continuing to win market share in japan 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN markets . 
jay UNKNOWN , analyst with kidder , peabody & co. , said p&g 's always UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , sold under the UNKNOWN name in japan , has firmly established itself as a leading brand . 
he figures p&g will expand its UNKNOWN product line in japan to `` continue that momentum . '' 
p&g 's u.s. shipments were up just 9 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , analyst with salomon bros. , predicts the shift will mean p&g 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double UNKNOWN . '' 
also slowing growth in the u.s. were lackluster results for p&g 's UNKNOWN oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
last year 's drought in the midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN oils , analysts said . 
for fiscal 9999 , analysts expect p&g 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 99 % and 99 % . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice president of equity research for first boston corp. , expects p&g to post net of about $ 9.99 a share , on a UNKNOWN basis . 
`` but i 'm UNKNOWN there 's a good chance they 'll do a bit better than that , '' she says . 
in fiscal 9999 , p&g earned $ 9.99 a share , adjusted for the stock split . 
one big factor affecting the fiscal second half will be the new UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN l. UNKNOWN , who becomes chairman and chief executive officer in january . 
because of his remarkable success turning around p&g 's international operations , analysts have high hopes for his tenure . 
`` if he does to the domestic operations what he did internationally , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , `` this company will earn $ 9 or $ 9 a share in a few years . 
the voting rights act of 9999 was enacted to keep the promise of the UNKNOWN amendment and enable southern blacks to go to the polls , UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN tests and other UNKNOWN devices . 
UNKNOWN years later , the voting rights act has been UNKNOWN by the courts and the justice department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks and other minorities -- hispanics , UNKNOWN and native americans -- holding UNKNOWN office . 
in the 9999s , the justice department and lower federal courts that enforce the voting rights act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of `` safe '' minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 99 % and 99 % of the voting population . 
the program has even been called upon to create `` safe '' white electoral districts in UNKNOWN where whites are the minority . 
although section 9 of the act UNKNOWN UNKNOWN requiring that minorities win a UNKNOWN share of UNKNOWN offices , few municipal and state government plans achieve UNKNOWN by the justice department or survive the scrutiny of the lower federal courts unless they UNKNOWN out as many UNKNOWN minority districts as possible . 
the new goal of the voting rights act -- more minorities in political office -- is UNKNOWN . 
for the political process to work , all citizens , regardless of race , must feel represented . 
one essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable UNKNOWN . 
as is , blacks constitute 99 % of the population , but fewer than 9 % of elected leaders . 
but racial gerrymandering is not the best way to UNKNOWN that essential goal . 
it is a quick fix for a complex problem . 
far from promoting a UNKNOWN of interests among black , white , hispanic and other minority voters , drawing the district lines according to race suggests that race is the UNKNOWN 's and the candidate 's most important UNKNOWN . 
such a policy implies that only a black UNKNOWN can speak for a black person , and that only a white UNKNOWN can govern on behalf of a white one . 
UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- new york and birmingham , UNKNOWN . 
when they UNKNOWN their districts after the 9999 census , every other UNKNOWN and state in the country will face this issue . 
new york city : 
racial gerrymandering has been a familiar policy in new york city since 9999 , when congress first amended the voting rights act to expand its reach beyond the southern states . 
in 9999 , the justice department required that the electoral UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN of brooklyn be UNKNOWN to concentrate black and hispanic votes , despite protests that the new electoral UNKNOWN would split a neighborhood of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into two different districts . 
this year , a commission appointed by the mayor to UNKNOWN new york 's system of government completed a new charter , expanding the city council to 99 from 99 members . 
sometime in 9999 , as soon as the 9999 census becomes available , a UNKNOWN panel will UNKNOWN the city council district lines . 
the charter UNKNOWN commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the justice department and the commission 's own commitment to UNKNOWN minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of UNKNOWN minority districts . 
blacks and hispanics currently make up 99 % of the city 's population and hold only 99 % of the seats on the council . 
several of the city 's black leaders , including democratic mayoral UNKNOWN david dinkins , have UNKNOWN out for racial gerrymandering to accord blacks and hispanics `` the UNKNOWN opportunity for UNKNOWN . '' 
in this connection , it is important to note that several members of new york 's sitting city council represent UNKNOWN districts that bring together sizable black , hispanic , and UNKNOWN white UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN district in northern manhattan and the south bronx and susan alter 's 99th district in brooklyn , for example . 
to win their seats on the council , these political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and UNKNOWN public policies that would benefit all . 
often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime UNKNOWN or education . 
birmingham , UNKNOWN : 
the unusual situation in birmingham UNKNOWN illustrates the UNKNOWN consequences of UNKNOWN out safe districts for racial minorities . 
in birmingham , which is 99 % black , whites are the minority . 
insisting that they are protected by the voting rights act , a group of whites brought a federal suit in 9999 to demand that the city UNKNOWN UNKNOWN voting for the nine member city council and create nine electoral districts , including four safe white districts . 
the white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented , because in UNKNOWN elections only black candidates or white candidates who UNKNOWN to `` black interests '' could win . 
no federal court has ruled that the voting rights act UNKNOWN a white minority , but in june the justice department approved a UNKNOWN plan for birmingham that UNKNOWN out three UNKNOWN districts and six UNKNOWN districts . 
richard UNKNOWN , birmingham 's black mayor , UNKNOWN the consequences . 
`` in the past , people who had to run for office had to moderate their views because they could n't afford to UNKNOWN blacks or whites , '' he said . 
`` now you go to districts , you 're likely to get candidates whose views are more UNKNOWN , white and black , on racial issues . '' 
two hundred years ago , critics of the new united states constitution warned that the electoral districts for congress were too large and UNKNOWN too many different economic interests . 
a small farmer and a UNKNOWN merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said . 
but james madison UNKNOWN that argument in one of the most UNKNOWN political UNKNOWN ever written , no. 99 of the UNKNOWN papers . 
madison explained that a representative 's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good . 
large , UNKNOWN election districts would encourage good government , said madison , because a representative would be UNKNOWN to serve the interests of all his constituents and be UNKNOWN to none . 
madison 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN vision of the representative still can guide us . 
as long as we believe that all americans , of every race and UNKNOWN background , have common interests and can live together UNKNOWN , our political UNKNOWN should reflect our belief . 
racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people . 
ms. UNKNOWN is a constitutional UNKNOWN at the center for the study of the presidency in new york . 
the justice department has distributed these new guidelines for u.s. attorneys UNKNOWN rico cases . 
a related editorial appears today . 
under { rico } , the government may seek a temporary UNKNOWN order ( tro ) upon the filing of a rico indictment , in order to preserve all UNKNOWN assets until the trial is completed and judgment entered . 
such orders can have a UNKNOWN impact on third parties who do business with the defendants , including clients , UNKNOWN , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others . 
some highly UNKNOWN cases involving rico UNKNOWN have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial UNKNOWN of assets is UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN of property without due process . 
in order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the criminal division has UNKNOWN the following requirements to control the use of UNKNOWN in rico prosecutions . 
( it should be noted that these requirements are in addition to any other existing requirements , such as review by the asset forfeiture office . ) : 
9 . as part of the approval process for rico prosecutions , the prosecutor must submit any proposed forfeiture tro for review by the organized crime and racketeering section . 
the prosecutor must show that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( such as bonds ) are not likely to preserve the assets for forfeiture in the event of a conviction . 
9 . in seeking approval of a tro , the prosecutor must UNKNOWN any anticipated impact that forfeiture and the tro would have on innocent third parties , balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets . 
9 . in deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a tro ) is appropriate , the section will consider the nature and UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN ; the government 's policy is not to seek the UNKNOWN forfeiture UNKNOWN under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . 
9 . when a rico tro is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a tro , and eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in UNKNOWN the tro , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ; will not seek through use of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to take from third parties assets UNKNOWN transferred to them ; will not seek to UNKNOWN legitimate business transactions UNKNOWN between the defendant and third parties ; and will , in all other UNKNOWN , assist the court in UNKNOWN that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under { rico } and otherwise . 
the division expects that the prosecutor will announce these UNKNOWN either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the tro . 
sales of north UNKNOWN cars and trucks plunged 99.9 % in mid-october from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
`` people are waiting for { new } factory UNKNOWN , '' said ben UNKNOWN , sales manager of bob UNKNOWN auto world in lynn , mass. , whose sales are slow . 
this trend appears to be especially true at general motors corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to UNKNOWN sales in august and september . 
since then , deliveries have slumped . 
gm 's car sales dropped 99.9 % in mid-october to 99,999 , while truck sales fell 99 % to 99,999 . 
gm also had dismal results in the first 99 days of the month , while other auto makers reported mixed results . 
all of the big three suffered in the UNKNOWN period , however , with sales of all UNKNOWN made cars , including those built at UNKNOWN plants , falling 99 % to 999,999 from a year earlier . 
the seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles , a small improvement from the 9.9 million rate of early october , but a big drop from the 9.9 million rate a year ago . 
sales of UNKNOWN made trucks also continued to be sluggish in mid-october , dropping 99.9 % to 99,999 from a year ago . 
the big three auto makers already have slashed fourth-quarter production plans 99.9 % below year-ago levels , but that may not be enough to prevent inventories from UNKNOWN if sales do n't improve . 
industry analyst john h. UNKNOWN , a vice president with hill & UNKNOWN in st. louis , forecasts that domestic auto makers will have a 99-day supply of cars at the end of the year , even if car sales improve to a 9.9 million vehicle rate for the quarter . 
ford motor co. reported a 99.9 % drop in sales of UNKNOWN cars to 99,999 and a 99.9 % drop in domestic trucks to 99,999 . 
the sales are being UNKNOWN down by a UNKNOWN of 9999 vehicles , said joel UNKNOWN , a ford analyst . 
the earlier use of incentives UNKNOWN the market of `` UNKNOWN '' for UNKNOWN 9999 cars , he said . 
town & country ford in charlotte , n.c. , still needs to move about 999 9999 cars and trucks . 
business had been fairly strong until hurricane hugo hit the area , but has been down since . 
chrysler corp. also hit the UNKNOWN in mid-october . 
the no. 9 u.s. auto maker had a 99.9 % plunge in car sales to 99,999 and a 99.9 % drop in truck sales to 99,999 , which include its minivans and UNKNOWN . 
honda motor co. , which continues to have short supplies of UNKNOWN made UNKNOWN , saw its sales of north UNKNOWN cars fall 99.9 % to 9,999 . 
but sales of domestic cars and trucks at nissan motor corp. rose 99.9 % to 9,999 . 
a nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales . 
toyota motor corp. , which opened a plant in UNKNOWN , ky. , last year , saw sales triple to 9,999 vehicles . 
a - totals include only vehicle sales reported in the period . 
c - domestic car 
d - percent change greater than 999 % . 
UNKNOWN - there were 9 selling days in the most recent period and 9 a year earlier . 
percentage differences based on daily sales rate rather than sales volume . 
short interest in nasdaq over-the-counter stocks rose 9 % as of mid-october , its biggest jump since 9.9 % last april . 
the most recent otc short interest statistics were compiled oct. 99 , the day the nasdaq composite index slid 9 % and the new york stock exchange tumbled 9 % . 
the UNKNOWN might lead to the conclusion that UNKNOWN bet heavily on that day that otc stocks would decline further . 
as it happens , the nasdaq composite did continue to fall for two days after the initial plunge . 
however , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the national association of securities dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by oct. 99 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to gene UNKNOWN , chief economist for the nasd . 
generally , it takes five business days to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade . 
the total short interest in nasdaq stocks as of mid-october was 999.9 million shares , up from 999.9 million in september but well below the record level of 999 million shares established in july 9999 . 
the sharp rise in otc short interest compares with the 9.9 % decline in short interest on the new york stock exchange and the 9 % rise on the american stock exchange during the UNKNOWN period . 
generally , a short seller expects a fall in a stock 's price and aims to profit by selling borrowed shares that are to be replaced later ; the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold . 
short interest , which represents the number of shares borrowed and sold , but not yet replaced , can be a UNKNOWN barometer for many stocks . 
among 9,999 of the largest otc issues , short interest rose to 999.9 million shares , from 999.9 million in 9,999 stocks in september . 
big stocks with large short interest gains as of oct. 99 included first executive , intel , campeau and lin broadcasting . 
short interest in first executive , an insurance issue , rose 99 % to 9.9 million . 
intel 's short interest jumped 99 % , while campeau 's increased 99 % . 
intel makes semiconductors and campeau operates UNKNOWN chains and is UNKNOWN for cash . 
UNKNOWN savings again had the dubious honor of being the otc stock with the biggest short interest position on nasdaq . 
UNKNOWN has headed the list since may . 
first executive and troubled valley national corp. of arizona were next in line . 
short selling is n't necessarily bad for the overall market . 
UNKNOWN shares must eventually be replaced through buying . 
in addition , changes in short interest in some stocks may be caused by arbitrage . 
for example , an investor may seek to profit during some takeover situations by buying stock in one company involved and UNKNOWN the stock of the other . 
two big stocks involved in takeover activity saw their short interest surge . 
short interest in the american depositary receipts of jaguar , the target of both ford motor and general motors , more than doubled . 
nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included adobe systems , class a shares of tele-communications and takeover targets UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the nasd , which operates the nasdaq computer system on which 9,999 otc issues trade , UNKNOWN short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , nasdaq stocks that trade on the national market system ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system . 
short interest in 9,999 UNKNOWN securities totaled 99.9 million shares , compared with almost 99 million shares in 9,999 issues in september . 
the october short interest represents 9.99 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 9.99 day a month ago . 
among bigger otc stocks , the figures represent 9.99 days of average daily volume , compared with 9.99 days in september . 
the UNKNOWN tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 99,999 shares existed as of oct. 99 or in which there was a short position change of at least 99,999 shares since sept. 99 ( see accompanying tables -- wsj oct. 99 , 9999 ) . 
from the sept. UNKNOWN . 9 issue of the economist : 
what defeated general aoun was not only the weight of the syrian army . 
the weight of lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history israel is in danger of UNKNOWN . 
like lebanon , and however unfairly , israel is regarded by the arab world as a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
its best hope of acceptance by its UNKNOWN lies in reaching a settlement with the UNKNOWN . 
like lebanon , israel is being UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN . 
in greater israel more than half the children under six are UNKNOWN . 
within 99 years UNKNOWN will probably be the minority . 
yet israel will neither share power with all these UNKNOWN nor , says its present prime minister , UNKNOWN its borders closer to its UNKNOWN jewish UNKNOWN . 
by not choosing one of these options , UNKNOWN will UNKNOWN themselves , as the UNKNOWN did , to UNKNOWN war with the UNKNOWN in their midst , and so to the internal erosion of their state . 
unlike the UNKNOWN , israel 's UNKNOWN will not let themselves become the UNKNOWN force in a system of private UNKNOWN ; UNKNOWN will become UNKNOWN before it becomes UNKNOWN . 
but that is not much of a UNKNOWN to draw from the failure of general aoun . 
the nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling UNKNOWN , and closed down 9.9 % . 
the effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among UNKNOWN stocks UNKNOWN many market makers , who watched the nasdaq composite index tumble in UNKNOWN with the dow jones industrial average , and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally . 
after UNKNOWN 9.9 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 9.99 , at 999.99 . 
in contrast , the industrial average recovered almost completely from its UNKNOWN and closed down 9.9 % . 
the new york stock exchange composite was 9.9 % lower for the day . 
as usual , the over-the-counter market 's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit . 
microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 9 ; but it finished at 99 9\/9 , down 9 9\/9 on volume of one million shares . 
mci communications , the most active issue , finished down 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
mci traded as low as 99 9\/9 during the session . 
other active stocks included jaguar , whose american depositary receipts added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
apple computer improved 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 ; intel slipped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and valley national corp. was up 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
`` the market started with several strikes against it , '' said peter UNKNOWN , head of retail equity trading at shearson lehman hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of ual corp. continued to UNKNOWN , and reports that the junk-bond market is UNKNOWN . 
but the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
even though the over-the-counter market usually does n't fall by as much as listed stocks during UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , he said , `` when the market does recover , the damage is done and it leaves nasdaq down more than the big board . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is UNKNOWN away retail and foreign investors . 
while shearson does n't do computer-guided program trading for its own account , the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes , mr. UNKNOWN acknowledged . 
the volatility UNKNOWN in program trading troubled other traders , too . 
they do n't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so UNKNOWN . 
market makers are supposed to keep supplies of stocks on hand to maintain UNKNOWN trading when imbalances occur . 
that means that on days when prices are UNKNOWN and sellers UNKNOWN they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
in such an environment , a market maker can absorb huge losses . 
but the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to UNKNOWN up the stocks that are for sale . 
the market makers say they are n't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks because they realize prices can tumble quickly . 
the situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , UNKNOWN the rise and fall in stock prices during UNKNOWN trading . 
UNKNOWN robert UNKNOWN , head of over-the-counter trading at donaldson , lufkin & jenrette : `` it 's making it tough for traders to make money . '' 
he said that when sell programs kick in , many traders believe that `` there 's no sense in UNKNOWN your nose out because you 're an instant UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN learning centers added 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
UNKNOWN group said it will make a $ UNKNOWN offer for the remaining UNKNOWN learning center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by UNKNOWN learning center 's parent , UNKNOWN inc . 
shares of UNKNOWN inc. closed at 9 9\/9 , also up 9\/9 , on volume of 999,999 . 
ohio casualty dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company posted third-quarter earnings of 99 cents a share , down from $ 9.99 a year earlier . 
the company estimated that losses from hurricane hugo reduced net income by 99 cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
the company said losses from the oct. 99 earthquake in california have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 9,999 properties in the UNKNOWN area . 
any UNKNOWN losses will be reported in the fourth quarter , the company said . 
north atlantic industries jumped 9 to 9 9\/9 . 
the UNKNOWN maker is to be acquired by asset management associates for $ 9.99 a share . 
lin broadcasting slid 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 , despite reporting third-quarter net of 99 cents a share , up from 99 cents the previous year . 
the company said the latest quarter included about $ 9.9 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to mccaw cellular communications ' bid for the company and lin 's merger pact with bellsouth . 
mccaw was unchanged at 99 . 
UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN slid 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 amid continuing concerns about the company 's contract negotiations with international business machines . 
ibm is reviewing its entire UNKNOWN program , and UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current UNKNOWN contract . 
UNKNOWN make modifications to ibm 's computer hardware and UNKNOWN the products . 
UNKNOWN capital group surged 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company said net rose to 99 cents a share in its UNKNOWN quarter ended sept. 99 , from 99 cents a shares a year ago . 
probably the most UNKNOWN soviet violation , for example , is the krasnoyarsk radar . 
-- `` arms control reality , '' nov. 99 , 9999 , the first of some 99 journal UNKNOWN saying that krasnoyarsk violated the abm treaty . 
-- `` whether the installation is for early warning or space track , it clearly is not UNKNOWN , '' the lawmakers said . 
`` thus we judge it to be not a violation of the abm treaty at this time . '' 
the delegation included a reporter from the new york times , aides to sen. edward m. kennedy and rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and natural resources defense council staff members . 
-- the washington post , sept. 9 , 9999 . 
-- the UNKNOWN has taken unprecedented UNKNOWN measures of openness , by giving american representatives a possibility to UNKNOWN the building site of the krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of UNKNOWN and moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the abm treaty of 9999 on the part of the soviet union . 
-- letter from UNKNOWN shevardnadze to u.n. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN , reported in UNKNOWN , june 99 , 9999 . 
-- the construction of this station equal in size to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , i say it directly , a clear violation of abm . 
-- UNKNOWN shevardnadze , oct. 99 , 9999 . 
we 're happy , we guess , to receive confirmation of the krasnoyarsk violation from the soviets , five years after we started writing about it . 
perhaps even the american UNKNOWN will now UNKNOWN . 
without question , something UNKNOWN is going on in the policy chambers of the politburo . 
as it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the UNKNOWN world , the soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
so after 99 years , it is UNKNOWN the obvious , hoping to be believed about other things . 
it 's not enough . 
if the soviets want to be believed , they need to start telling the truth about more than the totally obvious . 
our own test of `` glasnost 's '' UNKNOWN would be a soviet decision to open itself to a complete international examination of one of the most troubling UNKNOWN in u.s.-soviet relations -- the reported 9999 anthrax UNKNOWN at a soviet military facility in sverdlovsk . 
the u.s. government has never UNKNOWN in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there , and hence a violation of the 9999 biological weapons convention . 
the pentagon 's recently issued `` soviet military power , '' though in general adopting a softer line , repeated the sverdlovsk assessment . 
it also was detailed in congressional testimony this past february : an explosion at the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN institute in sverdlovsk released anthrax UNKNOWN that caused a significant number of deaths . 
since mr. shevardnadze did not address this topic before the supreme soviet , the soviet union 's official position remains that the anthrax deaths were caused by tainted meat . 
we doubt this claim just as we UNKNOWN mr. shevardnadze 's assurance last year that krasnoyarsk did n't violate the abm treaty . 
and just as we did not believe the UNKNOWN claims of the congressmen and UNKNOWN advocates who visited krasnoyarsk , we are in no way persuaded by the UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN theory by a u.s. team of scientists who met with soviet counterparts in washington last year . 
the soviets ' explanation is that the anthrax came from one lot of animal feed made from the UNKNOWN of cattle that UNKNOWN on soil that was naturally infected with anthrax UNKNOWN . 
harvard 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- who we read has sold something called the `` scientific community '' on the notion that `` yellow rain '' attacks on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were in fact the result of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by giant UNKNOWN -- found the soviet anthrax scenario `` completely UNKNOWN . '' 
we do n't believe it . 
and we certainly do not believe that mr. gorbachev or any of his UNKNOWN yet deserve to have the west take their word for it . 
sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN process itself . 
the u.s. government 's sverdlovsk complaint , as with krasnoyarsk , is no mere political UNKNOWN . 
biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed UNKNOWN enough by the u.s. government . 
but the stated u.s. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the soviets should be willing to set in motion a process that would allow them to acknowledge that sverdlovsk violated the 9999 agreement or , UNKNOWN , that would give u.s. specialists reasonable confidence that this was a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN accident . 
until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility mr. shevardnadze was bidding for with his UNKNOWN on monday . 
manville corp. said it offered to buy $ 999 million of its convertible preferred stock from the manville personal injury settlement trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of manville shares outstanding . 
manville said it made the offer within the past several weeks as part of an effort to improve shareholder value . 
it said it would purchase the stock at market price . 
manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
`` we are considering that offer along with all other alternatives , '' the trust spokeswoman said . 
`` we need to look at how to maximize our cash flow to pay our beneficiaries . '' 
the trust , created as part of manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of UNKNOWN diseases , owns 9.9 million of the series a convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 99 manville common shares . 
the trust also owns half of manville 's 99 million common shares outstanding . 
based on manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.99 a share , manville 's offer would purchase about 9.9 million of its preferred shares , or about 99 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding . 
in addition to the stock and 99 % of manville 's profits beginning in 9999 , the trust is supposed to receive $ 9.9 billion over its 99-year life . 
but it initially was funded with about $ 999 million and may soon face a cash crunch . 
as of june 99 , it had settled about 99,999 of 99,999 claims filed and its UNKNOWN claims totaled $ 999 million , a large portion of its $ 999 million in cash and marketable securities . 
since most of its assets are tied to manville , a forest and building products concern , the trust might also want to diversify its holdings . 
as part of its offer , manville said it requested changes in some UNKNOWN between it and the trust to allow manville to `` reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure . '' 
a manville spokesman would n't elaborate on the proposed changes . 
but he said they are `` to a large degree , UNKNOWN , '' although some may generate some UNKNOWN . 
manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that manville has the right of first UNKNOWN to buy those shares . 
northeast utilities raised its bid for public service co. of new hampshire , which is operating under bankruptcy code protection , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
northeast 's raised bid , which was supported by ps of new hampshire 's official shareholder committee , is a UNKNOWN to what is expected to be a round of higher bids by the other groups trying to acquire the company , the largest utility in new hampshire . 
the $ 9.99 billion value claimed by northeast , based in hartford , conn. , is the highest yet given to a bid . 
some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
a hearing is set for nov. 99 , but participants do n't expect a resolution until july 9999 . 
under the new northeast utilities plan , it would pay $ 9.99 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 999 million in pollution control bonds . 
secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before ps of new hampshire filed for bankruptcy code protection in january 
the biggest change in northeast 's offer was in improvements made for equity holders who had been given short UNKNOWN previously . 
assuming full operation of the seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 999 million in cash , preferred stock and new 99-year seabrook bonds . 
northeast 's previous offer had proposed that equity holders receive just $ 999 million . 
in addition , northeast promised the state of new hampshire that rate increases would be limited to 9.9 % annually for seven years . 
its previous proposal had UNKNOWN rate limits on seabrook operations and other UNKNOWN . 
wilbur ross , financial adviser to the equity holders said , `` given the state 's strong bargaining position ... we believe the UNKNOWN plan provides the best recovery available '' to ps of new hampshire 's equity holders . 
officials of ps of new hampshire could n't be reached for comment . 
the company has filed an internal reorganization plan it valued at $ 9.9 billion that would require 9.9 % rate increases . 
that plan would leave existing preferred shareholders with at least a 99 % stake and give common shareholders as little as 99 % . 
new england electric system , UNKNOWN , mass. , has proposed buying the company for $ 9 billion as part of a plan that would require rate increases of only 9.9 % annually for seven years . 
the state of new hampshire has favored that plan . 
the other bidder is united illuminating co. , new haven , conn. , with a bid valued at $ 9.9 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 9.9 % rate increases . 
the polish UNKNOWN will eat well this winter . 
tons of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN potatoes , UNKNOWN and wheat will fill damp UNKNOWN across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away . 
many a UNKNOWN wo n't be born as a result , and many a UNKNOWN will never UNKNOWN in a butcher shop . 
but with inflation UNKNOWN , grain in the barn will still be a safer bet for the private farmer than money in the bank . 
once again , the UNKNOWN peasant holds poland 's future in his hands . 
until his labor can produce a profit in this dying and distorted system , even solidarity 's sympathetic new government wo n't win him over . 
in coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the west will be the one UNKNOWN between a UNKNOWN public and a new political UNKNOWN . 
factory workers on strike knocked poland 's communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down . 
in june , farmers held onto meat , milk and grain , waiting for july 's usual UNKNOWN price rises . 
the communists UNKNOWN prices instead . 
the farmers ran a UNKNOWN , and meat UNKNOWN from the shops . 
on aug. 9 , the state UNKNOWN up its controls , and food prices UNKNOWN . 
without UNKNOWN stocks , inflation UNKNOWN . 
that was when the UNKNOWN old peasants ' party , desperate to live through the crisis , broke ranks with the communists and joined with solidarity in the east bloc 's first UNKNOWN government . 
but by the time solidarity took office in september , the damage was done . 
`` UNKNOWN , '' as economists have come to call it , had gone UNKNOWN . 
the cost of raising a UNKNOWN kept UNKNOWN ahead of the return for selling one . 
the farmers stayed angry . 
they still are . 
at UNKNOWN on a cool day , hundreds travel to the private market in UNKNOWN , a town not far from warsaw , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , cattle and UNKNOWN of feed that the state 's official buyers ca n't UNKNOWN them to sell . 
here , they are UNKNOWN for a higher price . 
in a crush of trucks and horse UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN field , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into the UNKNOWN of a private butcher 's polish fiat . 
`` of course it 's better to sell private , '' he says , as the butcher UNKNOWN away . 
`` why should anybody want to sell to them ? '' 
the young farmer makes money on the few UNKNOWN he sells here . 
he wo n't for long , because his old state sources of UNKNOWN and potatoes are UNKNOWN up . 
`` there 's no feed , '' he says . 
`` you ca n't buy anything UNKNOWN . 
i do n't know why . '' 
edward UNKNOWN does . 
his truck is UNKNOWN across the field , in a row of grain sellers . 
like the others , it is UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN , wheat and UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN `` asbestos . made in UNKNOWN . '' 
the farmer at the next truck UNKNOWN , `` wheat ! 
it 's nice ! 
it wo n't be cheaper ! 
we sell direct ! '' 
a heavy , UNKNOWN woman runs a handful through her UNKNOWN , and counts him out a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
`` country people breed UNKNOWN , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , leaning against the back of his truck . 
`` they ca n't buy feed from the state . 
there is n't enough . 
some state UNKNOWN come to buy from me . 
i sell -- a little . 
i am waiting . 
i have plenty more at home . '' 
on this morning , he does n't sell much in UNKNOWN , either . 
at closing time , farmers UNKNOWN out most of what they UNKNOWN in . 
a private market like this just is n't big enough to absorb all that business . 
the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , it seems , will not quickly UNKNOWN away . 
state UNKNOWN will keep on UNKNOWN trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else UNKNOWN them . 
polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement , processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and feed . 
the communists spent 99 years working to ensure that no such UNKNOWN structures ever UNKNOWN here . 
building them now will require UNKNOWN from the west , and removal of political UNKNOWN , a job that solidarity has barely started . 
but polish agriculture does UNKNOWN one great asset already : the private farmer . 
`` we are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an economist who advises rural solidarity , the union 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` there are a lot of them , and they have property . '' 
polish peasants , UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN , were once a source of UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN communists . 
now , among communist reformers , they are UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
as the chinese have shown and the soviets are learning , family farms UNKNOWN where UNKNOWN fail . 
ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer . 
the poles have had it all along . 
poland 's 9.9 million small private farms cover 99 % of its UNKNOWN land . 
on it , a quarter of the country 's 99 million people produce UNKNOWN of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and UNKNOWN of its fruit , UNKNOWN and potatoes . 
like the roman UNKNOWN church , the polish peasant is a UNKNOWN of the nation . 
try as they might , the communists could neither replace nor break him . 
and they did try . 
a few miles past UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN road UNKNOWN to a track of sand and leads into UNKNOWN , a village of UNKNOWN farms . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN owns 99 acres in 99 scattered UNKNOWN . 
he grows UNKNOWN and potatoes for a few UNKNOWN , five UNKNOWN and 99 UNKNOWN . 
in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN shoes , he stands in his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the ground with a look both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's bad soil , '' he says . 
until 9999 , it was good soil . 
then the state put in a UNKNOWN to supply the area with drinking water . 
farmers lay down before the UNKNOWN . 
their protest was ignored . 
the dam caused the water level to drop in UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he expected as much . 
in his UNKNOWN , 99 years , the communists brought electricity to his village and UNKNOWN in drinking water from the UNKNOWN . 
no phones . 
no gas . 
`` we wanted them to build a road here , '' he says . 
`` they started , and then abandoned it . '' 
a UNKNOWN , his only UNKNOWN equipment , stands in front of the UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's russian . 
good for nothing . 
parts are a UNKNOWN . 
even if i had a lot of money , i could n't buy what i need . '' 
the farmer can say the same for coal , cement , saw UNKNOWN . 
in poland , only 9 % of all investment goes toward making things farmers want ; in the west , it is closer to 99 % . 
the few big state farms take first crack at what does get made . 
they use 99 % more fertilizer per UNKNOWN , twice the high-grade feed . 
yet their best UNKNOWN is that they produce 99 % of polish pork . 
`` i 've heard from friends that state farms are subsidized , '' mr. UNKNOWN says as his wife , UNKNOWN , sets some chairs out in the sun . 
`` we have one near here . 
there is a lot of waste . 
a private farmer never UNKNOWN anything . '' 
the state quit UNKNOWN peasants onto its subsidized farms over 99 years ago . 
but it never did let up on the pressure . 
until recently , a farmer with no heir had to will the state his land to collect his pension . 
the pension 's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state . 
his UNKNOWN of materials also did , until the state could n't hold up its end of that bargain . 
yet the state alone sells UNKNOWN and machines . 
when supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
a private farmer in poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it . 
he is free to invest in UNKNOWN , and to fail for lack of chicken UNKNOWN . 
he has plenty of freedom -- but no choices . 
`` i 'm on my own land , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` i do n't have to listen to what anybody tells me to do . '' 
`` sometimes , '' says his wife , `` we 're happy about that . '' 
by UNKNOWN the peasant , the communists have UNKNOWN poland . 
UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors . 
farm income is 99 % below the average . 
the young leave , especially UNKNOWN who wo n't milk UNKNOWN by hand . 
some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone UNKNOWN . 
without machines , good farms ca n't get bigger . 
so the UNKNOWN crop , once 99 million tons , is down to 99 million . 
meat consumption is at 9999 's level , pork production at 9999 's , milk output at 9999 's . 
if a food crisis UNKNOWN the communists , a food revolution will make solidarity . 
the potential is UNKNOWN along every road into warsaw : row upon row of UNKNOWN , stretching out behind modern UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN their owners ' wealth . 
UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN and full of UNKNOWN in poland , the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the state UNKNOWN long broken . 
grain , milk and meat come next . 
a private challenge to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN industry will take more time and money than poland can UNKNOWN , although a UNKNOWN or a local UNKNOWN can spring up fast . 
poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale . 
solidarity wants it from the west . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , one of its farm experts , UNKNOWN it on the line : `` the world bank will be brought in to help us UNKNOWN the old system . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN it now . 
he UNKNOWN pork . 
a law went on the books in january that let him smoke UNKNOWN without UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he UNKNOWN in . 
poland is short on enterprises , not enterprise . 
`` i pay a lot to the farmer and five times the state salary to my employees , '' he says . 
he is in warsaw to open a shop . 
`` i hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day . 
i do n't UNKNOWN anyone . 
everyone around me lives well . 
yes , my prices are high . 
if nobody buys , i bring my prices down . 
that 's the rule . 
that 's the market . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is making a fortune -- $ 99,999 a month , he says . 
he has bought some UNKNOWN western clothes , and a green mercedes with an american flag in the window . 
but the UNKNOWN machines he picked up are 99 years old . 
`` i do n't want expensive machines . 
if the situation changes , i 'll get stuck with them . '' 
that 's politics . 
by taking power in a deal with the peasant party 's UNKNOWN communist UNKNOWN , solidarity has UNKNOWN the rural entrepreneur . 
rural solidarity UNKNOWN , to no UNKNOWN , when solidarity leader UNKNOWN UNKNOWN accepted the peasants ' support . 
it UNKNOWN again in september when prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN named a peasant party man as his agriculture minister . 
both the peasants and rural solidarity are UNKNOWN new political parties for farmers . 
the peasants can make a credible case , against solidarity , that UNKNOWN reform will drive millions from the land . 
next spring , the two will battle in local elections . 
but until then , and probably long afterward , the communists ' UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN -- from the head of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to the village bank manager -- will stay UNKNOWN in the polish UNKNOWN . 
`` we know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is saying one afternoon . 
`` we do n't know how to get from socialism to capitalism . '' 
he farms 99 acres in UNKNOWN , two miles from the soviet border in one of poland 's UNKNOWN places . 
now he is mounting the steps of a UNKNOWN building in a nearby village , on a visit to the communist administrator , the `` naczelnik . '' 
`` many people in poland hope this government will break down , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN to the local council and to rural solidarity . 
`` that 's what the naczelnik counts on . 
he is our most dangerous UNKNOWN . 
every time he sees me , he gets very nervous . '' 
the farmer UNKNOWN into the naczelnik 's office . 
a thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's leg begins UNKNOWN beneath his desk . 
`` solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few UNKNOWN . 
`` they want to turn everything upside down in a week . 
mr. UNKNOWN here wants 99 acres used at the moment by a state farm . 
he ca n't guarantee that he can use it any better . '' 
`` i am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . '' 
the naczelnik UNKNOWN his eyes . 
`` what have you got ? 
not even a UNKNOWN . 
and you want to make UNKNOWN baskets , too . '' 
`` i can do five things at once -- to be a businessman . '' 
`` big business , '' mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in english . 
the farmer stands to go . 
the naczelnik stands , too . 
`` i care very much for this post , '' he says . 
`` eight years i 've had it . 
a cultural center has been built , shops . 
suddenly , i am not a comfortable man for solidarity . 
i have UNKNOWN too much . 
they want to do more . 
i wish them all the best ! '' 
the farmer leaves . 
and the naczelnik UNKNOWN his door . 
the house approved a short-term spending bill to keep the government operating through nov. 99 and provide $ 9.99 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from hurricane hugo and the california earthquake . 
the 999-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance , but the cost to the treasury is sure to UNKNOWN budget pressures this year and next under the gramm-rudman deficit reduction law . 
by a UNKNOWN 999-99 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive gramm-rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will UNKNOWN the fiscal 9999 deficit by at least $ 9.99 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by congress . 
the budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 9999 , and the issue forced a confrontation between the appropriations committee leadership and budget committee chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whose california district was at the center of the earthquake last week . 
going to the well of the chamber , mr. UNKNOWN demanded the costs be fully counted . 
his prominent role put him in the UNKNOWN position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead . 
`` we do not come to this house asking for any UNKNOWN , '' said the california democrat . 
`` we do not intend to hide these costs from the american people . '' 
the $ 9.99 billion package UNKNOWN $ 999 million for UNKNOWN disaster loans , $ 9 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 9.99 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to president bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
the funds are in addition to $ 9.9 billion UNKNOWN last month to assist in the recovery from hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 9 billion in unanticipated spending . 
because of the UNKNOWN of gramm-rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small . 
but the appropriations set in motion spending that adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 9999 . 
within the appropriations process , the situation is even more difficult since the costs will be counted against the share of funds to be allocated to those UNKNOWN that recently have had the greatest difficulty in UNKNOWN within the budget . 
the underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight UNKNOWN , and this urgency has contributed to the speed -- and , critics say , mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance . 
the UNKNOWN drafted measure could hurt california by requiring it to put up more matching funds for emergency highway assistance than otherwise would be required . 
and the state 's delegation is fearful that the new funding will be counted against a separate $ 999 million in federal highway funds it would expect to receive under its normal allocation this year . 
also , the high price of san francisco real estate puts the state at odds with federal regulations more UNKNOWN to the national average . 
for example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 9 % in some cases . 
but the san francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 999,999 from $ 999,999 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy marina district . 
the senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the white house and congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before UNKNOWN 's deadline . 
administration pressure UNKNOWN any effort to add to total funding , and the senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and UNKNOWN the ceiling on total small business administration loans to $ 9.9 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected . 
yesterday 's floor action came as a house-senate conference approved a nearly $ 9.9 billion fiscal 9999 military construction bill , representing a 9 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from pentagon requests for installations abroad . 
an estimated $ 99.9 million is allocated to continue work in UNKNOWN . 
but all funding is cut for the philippines , and projects in south korea are cut to $ 99.9 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request . 
closer to home , the negotiators were more generous . 
an estimated $ 99.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of north carolina rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the house chairman . 
and $ 99.9 million would go to projects in tennessee represented by his senate counterpart and fellow democrat , sen. james UNKNOWN . 
texas and california are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the UNKNOWN of alaska , pennsylvania and west virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process . 
senate appropriations committee chairman robert UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) even added report language listing $ 99.9 million in projects he wants in the budget next year . 
no individual illustrated this mix of power more yesterday than sen. daniel UNKNOWN ( d. , hawaii ) , who chairs the senate defense subcommittee . 
in the final trading , the house was UNKNOWN on setting aside $ 999 million to carry out base UNKNOWN ordered to begin in fiscal 9999 . 
but it gave ground to mr. UNKNOWN on a number of projects , ranging from a $ 99 million parking UNKNOWN here , to a land transfer in hawaii , to a provision to assist the UNKNOWN indian UNKNOWN in washington state . 
the UNKNOWN is one of the UNKNOWN in the pacific northwest . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who chairs the select committee on indian affairs , used his power to move $ 999,999 from the air force to the bureau of indian affairs to assist in UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center . 
meanwhile , house-senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 9.99 billion UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , cutting other federal spending 9.99 % to pay for it . 
a formal house-senate conference is expected to UNKNOWN the accord later this week . 
mobil corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the u.s. , possibly as soon as next month , say individuals familiar with the company 's strategy . 
the size of the cuts is n't known , but they 'll be centered in the exploration and production division , which is responsible for UNKNOWN oil reserves , UNKNOWN wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas . 
employees have n't yet been notified . 
sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for friday at mobil offices in new orleans and denver . 
this would be a second round of cuts by mobil , which along with other oil producers and refiners reduced its work force by 99 % to 99 % during the mid-9999s as part of an industrywide UNKNOWN . 
mobil 's latest move could signal the beginning of further reductions by other oil companies in their domestic UNKNOWN operations . 
in yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company UNKNOWN to a $ 99 million provision for restructuring costs involving u.s. exploration and production operations . 
the report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will UNKNOWN involve the transfer and UNKNOWN of employees in our u.s. operations . '' 
a company spokesman , reached at his home last night , would only say that there will be a public announcement of the reduction program by the end of the week . 
most oil companies , including mobil , have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings , largely as a result of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses . 
individuals familiar with mobil 's strategy say that mobil is reducing its u.s. work force because of declining u.s. output . 
yesterday , mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 99 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 999 million . 
industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 999,999 barrels a day to 9.9 million barrels in the first eight months of this year . 
daily output is expected to decline by at least another 999,999 barrels next year . 
some mobil executives were UNKNOWN that a reference to the UNKNOWN was included in the earnings report before workers were notified . 
one mobil executive said that the $ 99 million charge related to the action indicates `` a substantial '' number of people will be involved . 
some will likely be offered UNKNOWN packages while others will be transferred to overseas operations . 
the justice department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal judge david UNKNOWN recently called a `` UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN to say , he was talking about rico . 
with its recently revised guidelines for rico , justice makes it clear that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors . 
the text of the `` new policy '' guidelines from the criminal division are UNKNOWN nearby . 
they strongly suggest that justice 's prosecutions of drexel burnham lambert , michael milken and princeton / newport violated UNKNOWN of fundamental fairness . 
justice is attempting to avoid a UNKNOWN of these UNKNOWN . 
this amounts to an extraordinary UNKNOWN of the tenure of new york mayoral candidate and former u.s. attorney rudolph giuliani , who was more inclined to gathering UNKNOWN than understanding markets . 
the new guidelines limit the pretrial UNKNOWN of assets of UNKNOWN defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others . 
this follows earlier new guidelines from the tax division UNKNOWN princeton / UNKNOWN tax cases from UNKNOWN as rico cases . 
the forfeiture memo cited `` considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial UNKNOWN of assets is UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN of property without due process . '' 
it told prosecutors not to seek UNKNOWN if there are `` less UNKNOWN '' alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek UNKNOWN `` disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
these changes come a UNKNOWN late for princeton / newport , the first UNKNOWN securities firm . 
it was forced into liquidation before trial when investors UNKNOWN their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture . 
princeton / newport investors , including UNKNOWN & co. and the harvard UNKNOWN , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later . 
prosecutors wanted $ 99.9 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 999,999 . 
the experience of princeton / newport and UNKNOWN of other UNKNOWN cases against legitimate businesses taught drexel that a UNKNOWN investment bank would be an UNKNOWN bank . 
drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges `` which the company is not in a position to dispute '' because of rico . 
part of drexel 's plea was to cut mr. milken loose . 
so after all the prosecutorial UNKNOWN no one has established what , if anything , drexel did wrong . 
so two UNKNOWN for the new rules . 
justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former u.s. attorney in washington joseph UNKNOWN , who wants to UNKNOWN rico for real criminals . 
but prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at justice is willing and able to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN prosecutors . 
judge UNKNOWN , of the appeals court in washington , made this point at a UNKNOWN institute conference last week in a remarkable speech UNKNOWN , `` rico : the UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
he said UNKNOWN is supposed to be `` a government of laws not of men , '' and yet rico UNKNOWN `` tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial UNKNOWN to protect against UNKNOWN of rico . '' 
no prosecutorial guidelines , observed or UNKNOWN , limit civil rico cases by plaintiffs for damages . 
what now for princeton / newport officials , drexel and mr. milken ? 
justice should review these cases to see what other prosecutorial abuses may have occurred . 
we suspect that justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of rico can guarantee an end to UNKNOWN in its name . 
`` the famous teddy z , '' which cbs inc. had hoped would emerge as one of the few bright spots in its otherwise lackluster prime-time schedule , is n't turning out to be the hit the network UNKNOWN . 
although the half-hour situation comedy seen UNKNOWN at 9:99 p.m . eastern and pacific time is n't a candidate for UNKNOWN , it is slated for UNKNOWN and by next week the network may announce `` teddy z '' is moving to 9:99 p.m. from its 9:99 time UNKNOWN , replacing `` the people next door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season . 
`` teddy z , '' which centers on a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN agent at a hollywood talent agency , was scheduled in the UNKNOWN 9:99 p.m. UNKNOWN to follow `` murphy brown , '' a situation comedy about a television news magazine , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` teddy z '' was boosted by favorable reviews and a UNKNOWN promotional UNKNOWN contest with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp . 
it was UNKNOWN on cable services , including UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN at night and UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN as the no. UNKNOWN show for the week . 
but five weeks after the premiere , the series has UNKNOWN . 
in figures released yesterday by a.c. nielsen co . `` teddy z , '' produced by the television unit of columbia pictures entertainment inc. , was in 99th place . 
worse , every week it UNKNOWN audience UNKNOWN from `` murphy brown '' and UNKNOWN on cbs picks up again once `` teddy z '' is over and is followed by `` designing women . '' 
`` there is strong indication that ` teddy z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said john UNKNOWN , senior vice president at j. walter thompson co. , a unit of wpp group plc . 
last week , `` murphy brown '' was viewed by 99.9 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 99.9 % for `` teddy z '' and rose to 99.9 % for `` designing women . '' 
cbs executives said the program is also slated to UNKNOWN some plot changes . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , for example , included the lead character 's UNKNOWN family in the cast , `` but that is not the right focus anymore , '' said one cbs executive . 
instead , cbs hopes the show will increasingly highlight the talent agency and the business of being an agent . 
`` we 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said craig nelson , the story consultant on `` teddy z . '' 
`` but we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . '' 
the opening credits are being UNKNOWN , mr. nelson said , `` to make teddy 's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning . 
those viewers find the show UNKNOWN . 
the stock market 's woes UNKNOWN currency traders but prompted a quiet little party among bond investors . 
prices of long-term treasury bonds moved UNKNOWN to the stock market as investors sought safety amid growing evidence the economy is weakening . 
but the shaky economic outlook and the volatile stock market forced the dollar lower against major currencies . 
the bond market got an early boost from the UNKNOWN sell-off in stocks . 
that UNKNOWN was triggered by ual corp. 's announcement late monday that the proposed UNKNOWN buy-out had collapsed . 
the 99-point decline in the dow jones industrial average during the morning trading session touched off a flight to safety that saw investors shifting assets from stocks to treasury bonds . 
at its strongest , the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 99 for each $ 9,999 face amount . 
as the stock market recovered some of its losses later in the day , bond prices retreated . 
but analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly UNKNOWN orders and lackluster mid-october auto sales helped UNKNOWN up the treasury market . 
a slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices . 
on the surface , the decline in september durable goods -- only 9.9 % -- did n't appear very weak . 
but orders for UNKNOWN capital goods , a UNKNOWN of future plant and equipment spending , were off 9.9 % after falling 99.9 % in august . 
auto makers reported that mid-october sales were running at an annual rate of about 9.9 million units , far less than the 9.9 million units analysts had expected . 
taken together , the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is UNKNOWN down . 
although analysts do n't expect the federal reserve to ease credit policy soon , reports like those yesterday help build the case for lower rates . 
now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report from national purchasing managers and the government 's october employment report as potentially prompting the fed to lower rates . 
the stock market 's UNKNOWN drop UNKNOWN foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
but as stock prices recovered some of the early losses , so did the u.s. currency . 
although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the u.s. economy UNKNOWN , the dollar ended down only modestly . 
in major market activity : bond prices rose . 
the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond gained nearly half a point , or about $ 9 for each $ 9,999 face amount . 
the yield on the issue slipped to 9.99 % . 
the dollar retreated . 
in late new york trading the currency was quoted at 9.9999 marks and 999.99 yen , compared with 9.9999 marks and 999.99 yen monday . 
`` UNKNOWN of the rich and famous '' may be visiting some new UNKNOWN in the near future . 
judge robert ( `` maximum bob '' ) UNKNOWN sentenced jim UNKNOWN to 99 years in the big house yesterday , while a beverly hills judge UNKNOWN away UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for three days , plus 999 hours of work with homeless women . 
miss UNKNOWN UNKNOWN her UNKNOWN fear of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN said he was guilty of UNKNOWN but not fraud . 
we can only wonder who will be the next lost UNKNOWN chosen to be america 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
boeing co. said trans european airways ordered a dozen 999 UNKNOWN valued at a total of about $ 999 million . 
the 999 and 999 series aircraft will be UNKNOWN by engines jointly produced by general electric co. and UNKNOWN of france . 
currently , boeing has a backlog of about $ 99 billion , but production has been slowed by a strike of 99,999 machinists , which entered its UNKNOWN day today . 
last week , a mediator failed to UNKNOWN talks between the company and the UNKNOWN , who have rejected a pay raise offer of 99 % over three years . 
when the good UNKNOWN assigned to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN over the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN gruberova many years ago in UNKNOWN , she UNKNOWN her with high UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , clean UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN dust . 
maybe she could drop by at the metropolitan opera and bring along what she UNKNOWN , a little UNKNOWN , a few UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN skills and a nice UNKNOWN . 
cast as violetta UNKNOWN in a new production of UNKNOWN 's `` la traviata , '' ms. gruberova last week did many things UNKNOWN and others not so well . 
it is n't every day that we hear a violetta who can UNKNOWN the first act 's UNKNOWN music with all the little notes perfectly pitched and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN together . 
never once did she UNKNOWN for air or UNKNOWN her UNKNOWN . 
she was as cool as a UNKNOWN . 
but as you may know , things are not going well for violetta . 
there are times when she must show a little UNKNOWN . 
she has UNKNOWN , after all , and a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; and though a successful UNKNOWN , she is just about UNKNOWN at the bank . 
worse , her walls move all the time -- at least in this production . 
just when ms. gruberova sat down away from her guests to UNKNOWN in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country UNKNOWN also has a very active set of UNKNOWN . 
hold on to those funny UNKNOWN ! you wanted to caution her as the sets started to roll around once more . 
this is the most moving `` traviata '' i 've ever seen . 
normally , violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as UNKNOWN as the UNKNOWN . 
but this is a production designed and directed by franco UNKNOWN and paid for by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who has no need to count her UNKNOWN , unlike violetta , down to 99 louis at the opera 's end . 
seeing all those millions in action , i was just so relieved that ms. gruberova , UNKNOWN thing that she is , did n't UNKNOWN UNKNOWN herself in a UNKNOWN . 
large and UNKNOWN , `` traviata '' is another addition to the met 's growing stock of UNKNOWN productions mostly by mr. UNKNOWN . 
they have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either . 
if a strike ever hits the met , the company can still sell tickets to his `` UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN '' and boom out UNKNOWN ( of another era ) . 
last week 's UNKNOWN audience gave a bigger hand to a UNKNOWN than to the UNKNOWN neil UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN inside it . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as a UNKNOWN student , UNKNOWN around on UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy UNKNOWN 's eye . 
i wish he could wear UNKNOWN in his voice . 
not nearly in his best form , the UNKNOWN made UNKNOWN sounds along with his usual UNKNOWN hand UNKNOWN . 
maybe mr. UNKNOWN was too busy UNKNOWN his set to work with his naturally UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
or is it that mr. UNKNOWN is getting a little UNKNOWN of `` traviata '' ? 
this is the same production already seen in paris and UNKNOWN , and its UNKNOWN ideas UNKNOWN the movie he made with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
decades earlier , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the dallas staging that introduced the UNKNOWN idea . 
in an UNKNOWN that drives UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , violetta lies dying in bed during the UNKNOWN , rising UNKNOWN when then she UNKNOWN the great parties she used to throw . 
the entire opera is her dream . 
given the UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with the music preceding the last act , the idea is more UNKNOWN than bad , though as luck would have it , for a change there actually was a UNKNOWN in the pit whom we wanted to hear , carlos UNKNOWN , trying to make UNKNOWN music while we all waited for the bed UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN into song . 
once she did so , the UNKNOWN german UNKNOWN with the shaky UNKNOWN who so often UNKNOWN offered a UNKNOWN , flowing performance that in its UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
of UNKNOWN moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with mr. UNKNOWN or the wooden cast is hard to say . 
in any event , ms. gruberova barely UNKNOWN violetta 's UNKNOWN in her long meeting with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who as UNKNOWN seemed fairly desperate trying to UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into his heavy , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` di UNKNOWN '' was n't much of an UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN , southern france . 
perhaps mr. UNKNOWN could let him UNKNOWN one of the UNKNOWN about dead children and dark nights from UNKNOWN 's `` UNKNOWN . '' 
speaking of dark nights , the met 's UNKNOWN neighbor , the new york city opera , has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians , who wanted pay UNKNOWN with the the chicago UNKNOWN and san francisco opera UNKNOWN . 
well , they can now go and UNKNOWN there . 
good luck . 
common sense suggests that people who play for a company that charges about half what those houses do for a ticket are not in the same market . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN poorly for a company already UNKNOWN with an UNKNOWN crisis UNKNOWN by the retirement of general director beverly UNKNOWN and the amazing appointment of christopher UNKNOWN as her successor after his years of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the pit . 
as the met discovered years ago following a UNKNOWN december opening , it is nearly impossible to UNKNOWN subscribers once they have had time to UNKNOWN their entertainment choices . 
i , for instance , was perfectly happy at UNKNOWN fisher hall the other day listening to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN conduct the UNKNOWN per UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN piece written by 99 different italian UNKNOWN to honor UNKNOWN after his death in 9999 . 
each of them contributed a section at the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , who was nearly driven to his own early grave by the troublesome arrangements . 
for all that , the piece landed UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN after UNKNOWN refused to supply a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
we know UNKNOWN 's own contribution was UNKNOWN impressive since the UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN me '' was UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson . 
the surprising discovery of the evening at fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his UNKNOWN colleagues , notably UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
his UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' was smoothly sung by bass brian UNKNOWN . 
also , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' was UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN put across by mr. UNKNOWN . 
he brought along his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and even better , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
she was in her most UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN voice . 
maybe she could step across the plaza to the met -- where she has still to make her debut -- and help out her UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN the slow parts of `` traviata . '' 
the tokyo international film festival was no match for the UNKNOWN film festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : it awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and UNKNOWN film makers . 
at this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 9999 , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN won the UNKNOWN gold prize of $ 999,999 for `` UNKNOWN '' ( `` old woman '' ) . 
by comparison , UNKNOWN now gives $ 99,999 to the winner of its young director 's award . 
says director george miller ( `` UNKNOWN max '' ) : `` i think the tokyo festival may become known as a major UNKNOWN for young directors because of the money as well as the recognition . '' 
there are drawbacks . 
vincent UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN for the french magazine UNKNOWN , says of the recently ended tokyo festival : `` no one makes deals ... and most of the films have been seen before at other UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN decided that investors who demand the delivery of their securities when they buy shares or domestic bonds will have to pay an additional 999 belgian francs ( about $ 9.99 ) for each transaction , bringing the total fee to 999 francs . 
while no figures exist , it is thought that many small investors in UNKNOWN store securities privately , in some cases to avoid paying high UNKNOWN taxes . 
the law could UNKNOWN to the advantage of brokers and banks , who UNKNOWN high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors . 
japan is considering giving aid to hungary and poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the foreign ministry said . 
`` this is the first time , if we decide to do so , for japan to extend aid of this kind to eastern european countries , '' the spokesman said . 
he said prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two eastern bloc nations and to western europe next january . 
drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between french president UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and spanish prime minister UNKNOWN gonzalez . 
`` i demand the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the fight against drug UNKNOWN , '' president UNKNOWN said after the meeting in UNKNOWN , spain . 
he added : `` banks must open their books . '' 
the leaders ' talks UNKNOWN with a meeting in madrid of UNKNOWN experts from the u.s. , france , italy , spain , peru , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
that conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and UNKNOWN agreements , spanish officials said . 
three soviet government officials -- the ministers of UNKNOWN , of foreign economic relations and of UNKNOWN building -- will visit UNKNOWN next month for talks , iran 's official news agency reported . 
under an agreement signed last june , the soviets will help iran in oil exploration and other areas in return for exports of iranian natural gas . 
and in paris , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a UNKNOWN visit to discuss such matters as compensation to french enterprises for contracts broken by the UNKNOWN regime . 
UNKNOWN co. , a japanese UNKNOWN maker , has developed a toilet that can check the user 's health . 
a UNKNOWN spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , it also stores the data for up to 999 days . 
nippon telegraph & telephone corp. and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN electronics are involved with UNKNOWN 's new product , which will go on the market in about two years time . 
`` it will be very expensive , '' the spokesman warned . 
`` the price can not be less than $ 9,999 . '' 
since mexican president carlos UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN took office last december , special agents have UNKNOWN more than 9,999 federal employees on charges ranging from UNKNOWN to tax UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief prosecutor at the attorney general 's office , said that an estimated $ 99.9 million in government property and UNKNOWN taxes have been recovered in the campaign to root out official corruption . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's office will reportedly issue warrants during the next six months for the arrest of another 99,999 federal employees . 
those employees are UNKNOWN of illegally gaining an estimated $ 999.9 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the UNKNOWN news service . 
he added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
`` the rest will probably not be UNKNOWN either because the statute of UNKNOWN expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , '' the prosecutor said . 
the united nations , which is UNKNOWN farm tools to returning refugees in UNKNOWN , is UNKNOWN a plan to hand out UNKNOWN because of the UNKNOWN political climate during UNKNOWN for independence from south africa . 
`` the decision to distribute UNKNOWN at this time , which could be used as weapons , is under review , '' said a u.n. spokesman ... . 
sources close to the family of UNKNOWN prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said she is expecting a second child , probably early next year . 
cray research inc. forecast that 9999 will be a UNKNOWN year for its supercomputer line . 
in what has become a series of UNKNOWN announcements , the world 's largest maker of UNKNOWN said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . '' 
cray UNKNOWN the market in july when it slashed revenue and earnings projections for this year , citing a slowing economy that has delayed orders from government as well as commercial customers . 
the company made its 9999 projection -- an unusual event for cray -- in announcing improved net income for the third quarter . 
cray said it earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
revenue gained 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
for the nine months , earnings totaled $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , down 99 % from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue was $ 999.9 million , a 9.9 % gain from $ 999.9 million . 
cray made its announcement after the stock market closed . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , cray closed down $ 9.999 at $ 99.99 . 
cray said its order backlog at sept. 99 was $ 999 million , down $ 99 million from june 99 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president , said the company `` did well in the quarter as far as revenues and earnings are concerned , and not quite as well in terms of signing orders . '' 
as for the current period , mr. UNKNOWN said , `` we anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter '' when cray earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
he added that the company expects `` strong '' operating profit for the year , `` but at a level significantly lower than last year . '' 
he said 9999 's net income could be 99 % to 99 % of revenue , which , assuming current expectations , would be 99 % to 99 % below 9999 's level . 
last year , cray earned $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on revenue of $ 999.9 million . 
next year `` looks dismal , '' said analyst paul UNKNOWN of robert UNKNOWN & co. , UNKNOWN . 
noting that cray does n't have a UNKNOWN supercomputer to compete with the likes of convex computer corp. and international business machines corp. , mr. UNKNOWN said such a machine would be necessary `` to get things back on line here . '' 
cray has indicated it will decide on whether to build such a machine before year end . 
johnson & johnson reported a 99 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 99 % sales increase - results that were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals and the company 's professional operations . 
net for the new UNKNOWN , n.j. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
sales rose to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
the year-ago per-share earnings are adjusted to reflect a 9-for-9 stock split last may . 
in a statement , ralph s. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer , said the company was pleased with its third-quarter sales performance , `` especially in light of the extremely competitive environment in domestic consumer markets and the negative impact of unfavorable exchange rates this quarter . '' 
david j. UNKNOWN , an industry analyst for painewebber group inc. , said johnson & johnson 's results slightly exceeded his expectations for the third quarter . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , johnson & johnson shares fell 99.9 cents to $ 99.999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN noted `` substantial sales growth '' for the recently introduced UNKNOWN disposable UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , used by UNKNOWN patients who are UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN drug , did well overseas , he said . 
despite health-care cost controls and programs to hold down inventory , the professional division , which makes products including UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN equipment , `` achieved solid growth , '' johnson & johnson said . 
but domestic consumer sales slipped 9.9 % for the quarter , to $ 999 million from $ 999 million . 
the company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , `` as well as the intense competition in the company 's UNKNOWN protection product line . '' 
overseas sales were stronger , UNKNOWN because of a rebound in brazil , where economic turmoil had hurt year-earlier results , johnson & johnson said . 
mr. UNKNOWN of painewebber said the company 's sales pace has been picking up largely because the effect of unfavorable exchange rates has been easing -- a pattern continuing this quarter . 
he cautioned , however , that a `` tough UNKNOWN comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
for last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 99 % , he said . 
while the third period contained no major surprises , mr. UNKNOWN said , the results show how sensitive the UNKNOWN can be to developments in a single country such as brazil . 
he also questioned whether recent gains in that country can be sustained . 
the following issues were recently filed with the securities and exchange commission : 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , proposed offering of liquid yield option notes , via merrill lynch capital markets . 
columbia gas system inc. , shelf offering of up to $ 999 million of debentures . 
UNKNOWN , initial offering of 9,999,999 common shares , of which 9,999,999 shares are to be sold by the company and 999,999 by holders , via alex . brown & sons inc. and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN systems inc. , proposed offering of 9,999,999 common shares , to be sold by holders . 
western gas system inc. , initial offering of 9,999,999 common shares , of which 9,999,999 shares will be sold by the company and 999,999 by a holder , via prudential-bache capital funding , smith barney , harris upham & co. and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN inc . 
insiders have been selling shares in dun & bradstreet corp. , the huge UNKNOWN concern . 
six top executives at the new york-based company sold shares in august and september . 
four of those insiders sold more than half their holdings . 
the stock , in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 99.99 , up 99.9 cents , well below the $ 99.99 to $ 99 a share the insiders received for their shares . 
much of the recent slide in dun & bradstreet 's stock came late last week , after negative comments by analysts at merrill lynch & co. and goldman , sachs & co . 
a company spokesman declined to comment and said that the officials who sold shares would n't comment . 
one of dun & bradstreet 's chief businesses is UNKNOWN reports that rate the UNKNOWN of millions of american companies . 
it also owns moody 's investors service , which UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to bonds and preferred stock ; a.c. nielsen , known for its data on UNKNOWN patterns , and UNKNOWN publisher UNKNOWN . 
last march , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company UNKNOWN many customers into purchasing more UNKNOWN services than needed . 
in june , the company agreed to settle for $ 99 million several lawsuits related to its sales practices , without admitting or denying the charges . 
an investigation by u.s. postal inspectors is continuing . 
among the insider sales , charles UNKNOWN , the firm 's general counsel , sold 99,999 shares in august , representing 99 % of his holdings in the company . 
he received $ 999,999 for the shares , according to insider filings with the securities and exchange commission . 
john c. UNKNOWN , an executive vice president and dun & bradstreet director , sold 99,999 shares on aug. 99 for $ 999,999 , filings show . 
he retains 9,999 shares . 
william UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel , sold 9,999 shares in two separate sales in september for $ 999,999 . 
the shares represented 99 % of his dun & bradstreet holdings , according to the company . 
the other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 9,999 and 9,999 shares , representing between 9 % and 99 % of their holdings , according to sec filings . 
dun & bradstreet 's stock price began its recent UNKNOWN downward last wednesday , when the company reported third-quarter results . 
net income rose to 99 cents a share from 99 cents a share the year-earlier period . 
but analysts focused more on the drop in revenue , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of the controversial UNKNOWN services . 
last thursday , merrill lynch securities analyst peter UNKNOWN downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to dow jones professional investors report , citing a slowdown in the UNKNOWN business . 
he cut his rating to a short-term hold from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and reduced his 9999 earnings estimate . 
mr. UNKNOWN continues to rank the stock a UNKNOWN buy . 
the stock slid $ 9.999 on more than four times average daily volume . 
the stock received another blow on friday , when goldman sachs analyst eric UNKNOWN advised that investors with short-term UNKNOWN should avoid dun & bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to UNKNOWN the market . 
the stock fell 99 cents . 
insider selling is not unusual at dun & bradstreet ; in fact , the recent pace of selling is just about average for the company , according to figures compiled by invest / net , a north miami , fla. , firm that specializes in tracking and UNKNOWN sec insider filings . 
but previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later , as soon as allowed , said robert UNKNOWN , president of invest / net . 
the most recent sales do n't appear to be UNKNOWN , he said . 
UNKNOWN profits : 
michael a. miles , chief executive officer of philip morris UNKNOWN . ' kraft general foods unit , bought 9,999 shares of the company on sept. 99 for $ 999 each . 
the $ 999,999 purchase raised his holdings to 99,999 shares . 
the stock split UNKNOWN on oct. 99 . 
mr. miles 's newly purchased shares are now worth $ 9,999,999 , based on philip morris 's closing price of $ 99.99 , up 99.9 cents , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange yesterday . 
a spokesman for mr. miles said he bought the shares because he felt they were `` a good investment . '' 
the executive made his purchases shortly before being named to his current chief executive officer 's position ; formerly he was kraft general foods ' chief operating officer . 
shedding UNKNOWN : 
two directors of UNKNOWN gold inc. , a UNKNOWN , wash. , UNKNOWN mining firm , sold most of their holdings in the company aug. 99 . 
john j. UNKNOWN sold 9,999 shares for $ 99.99 each , leaving himself with a stake of 999 shares . 
he received $ 99,999 . 
peter UNKNOWN sold 9,999 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 99.99 a share , or $ 99,999 . 
gary UNKNOWN , corporate counsel for the company , said the directors sold for `` personal financial reasons . '' 
both insiders declined to comment . 
on wall street , merrill lynch & co. analyst daniel a. UNKNOWN rates the stock `` UNKNOWN '' and drexel burnham lambert inc. lists it as a `` buy . '' 
UNKNOWN gold `` has been on a lot of recommended lists as a UNKNOWN growth company stepping into the big UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , metals analyst at UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a new york investment firm . 
`` it 's a good company , and growing ; there 's nothing that would warrant that it be sold . '' 
yesterday , in composite trading on the american stock exchange , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN used to hold the UNKNOWN belief that it was more perfect to exist than not to exist , and that to exist as a matter of necessity was most perfect of all . 
now , only god exists as a matter of UNKNOWN necessity ; it is built into his nature . 
but since the time of UNKNOWN , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our UNKNOWN . 
are n't we , after all , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN called evolution ? 
if UNKNOWN and natural selection slowly but surely give rise to more and more advanced forms of life , then it was only a matter of UNKNOWN before UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with reason , UNKNOWN and taste UNKNOWN onto the scene . 
now along comes stephen jay gould to UNKNOWN this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
his credentials are excellent for the task . 
star UNKNOWN at harvard , author of numerous popular books on science , and UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN lobby , mr. gould is perhaps the world 's most UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
yet he puts quite a twist on the old story handed down from UNKNOWN . 
for him , natural history is anything but a gradual , predictable march from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to human UNKNOWN ; it is a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN affair in which the UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was a UNKNOWN shot . 
in `` wonderful life : the burgess shale and the nature of history '' ( norton , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) , mr. gould makes his case for `` the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of human evolution . '' 
the argument turns on the discovery in 9999 of an amazing fossil UNKNOWN high in the canadian UNKNOWN called the burgess shale . 
here , in an area smaller than a city block , lay buried UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that had UNKNOWN more than 999 million years ago -- UNKNOWN whose UNKNOWN variety far exceeded what can be found in all the world 's UNKNOWN today . 
such an embarrassment of UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN to the man who discovered the burgess shale , one charles UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the received UNKNOWN wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design , limited in UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to contemporary UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from the burgess UNKNOWN in such a way that they could be UNKNOWN into familiar categories . 
it was not until the early 9999s that cambridge UNKNOWN harry whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a UNKNOWN of the burgess shale . 
by making UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about how the UNKNOWN and distorted fossil remains UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN structures , this UNKNOWN was able to piece together a series of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN quite unlike anything currently on the planet . 
one was so UNKNOWN in appearance , it was dubbed UNKNOWN . 
would that mr. gould 's minute UNKNOWN of these UNKNOWN was always so UNKNOWN . 
a good deal of the book is UNKNOWN , particularly the endless UNKNOWN to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes UNKNOWN the text . 
these turns do not provide sufficient relief from UNKNOWN like , `` most modern UNKNOWN have six UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN . '' 
interest picks up , though , when mr. gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the burgess UNKNOWN for the theory of evolution . 
not long after the appearance of life , UNKNOWN , there was an UNKNOWN proliferation in the number of animal designs seen on the earth . 
the vast majority of them , however , were wiped out by a succession of environmental UNKNOWN that were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate . 
consequently , the UNKNOWN process was like a UNKNOWN `` in which each group { held } a ticket UNKNOWN to its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
'' so much for survival of the UNKNOWN . 
so much , too , for the notion that we humans UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN struggle by UNKNOWN big UNKNOWN . 
our UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN out through the UNKNOWN impact that did in the UNKNOWN because they were small , not smart . 
if anyone has difficulty UNKNOWN a world in which history went UNKNOWN on without us , mr. gould UNKNOWN several . 
in one , UNKNOWN are the dominant UNKNOWN ; in another the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with `` little UNKNOWN . '' 
back when the burgess UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN , it seems , human UNKNOWN hopes UNKNOWN on the survival of a little UNKNOWN with a UNKNOWN called UNKNOWN . 
mr. gould finds this oddly UNKNOWN ; like an UNKNOWN of old , he views our UNKNOWN as `` a source of both freedom and UNKNOWN moral responsibility . '' 
i , by contrast , can not help feeling that if some other UNKNOWN from the burgess shale had survived instead , UNKNOWN at once UNKNOWN and less UNKNOWN than UNKNOWN UNKNOWN might have eventually gained UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but even if no UNKNOWN life had UNKNOWN here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life . 
surely at some other UNKNOWN address a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would have risen out of the UNKNOWN to explain why , UNKNOWN speaking , `` it is , indeed , a wonderful life . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is a columnist for the literary review in london . 
the justice department scrambled to play down the significance of its new guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
the guidelines were distributed to u.s. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week . 
they discourage prosecutors , under certain circumstances , from seeking court orders UNKNOWN the assets of racketeering defendants prior to trial . 
but david runkel , chief justice department spokesman , said the guidelines `` are a UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN far more than a new direction . '' 
use of the UNKNOWN influenced and UNKNOWN organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged UNKNOWN figures , has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal UNKNOWN . 
critics have complained that the law unfairly UNKNOWN defendants of assets before a jury UNKNOWN they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can UNKNOWN corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea UNKNOWN . 
in the new guidelines , the justice department says that in attempting to UNKNOWN disputed assets before trial , `` the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant '' and `` will not seek ... to take from third parties assets UNKNOWN transferred to them . '' 
the guidelines also state , `` the government 's policy is not to seek the UNKNOWN forfeiture UNKNOWN under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
another provision UNKNOWN certain limits on when prosecutors may use UNKNOWN charges as a basis for bringing a racketeering case . 
mr. runkel declined to speculate on whether the guidelines would curb racketeering prosecutions against corporate defendants . 
`` the impact , if there is any , will be impossible to judge ahead of time because the decision whether to use { racketeering charges } is made in individual cases '' by justice department officials in washington , he said . 
in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the guidelines , assistant attorney general edward dennis jr. said that government efforts to UNKNOWN defendants ' assets pending racketeering prosecutions `` have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press . '' 
but mr. runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all . 
california legislators , UNKNOWN for ways to pay for the $ 9 billion to $ 9 billion in damages from last week 's earthquake , are UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN for a temporary increase in the state 's sales tax . 
the talk of a sales tax rise follows a UNKNOWN from congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in california 's earthquake relief efforts . 
the state had sought as much as $ 9.9 billion in relief , but yesterday the house approved a more general UNKNOWN measure calling for $ 9.99 billion in aid , the bulk of which would go to california , with an unspecified amount going to regions affected by hurricane hugo . 
that leaves the state roughly $ 9 billion to $ 9 billion short . 
a sales tax increase appears to be the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to raise funds in a hurry . 
according to the state department of finance , a UNKNOWN increase in the state 's UNKNOWN per dollar sales tax could raise $ 9 billion . 
UNKNOWN brown , speaker of california 's assembly , said that gov. george deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
california 's so-called UNKNOWN limit effectively UNKNOWN the state from spending new tax money and so UNKNOWN limits its options in an emergency . 
both mr. brown , the state 's most influential legislator , and gov. deukmejian favor a temporary sales tax increase -- should more money be needed than the state can raise from existing sources and the federal government . 
according to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes . 
mr. brown , meanwhile , believes `` only one tax will be UNKNOWN , and it will be a UNKNOWN sales tax increase , '' said chuck UNKNOWN , an aide . 
one immediate source of money is an emergency fund set up by gov. deukmejian . 
the fund has about $ 9 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said tom UNKNOWN , the governor 's deputy press secretary . 
but the fund 's size is disputed by mr. brown 's office , which estimates the fund holds from $ 999 million to $ 999 million . 
moreover , an aide to mr. brown said gov. deukmejian `` has expressed a desire not to spend all the reserve on this . '' 
to push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the UNKNOWN limit , citing an emergency . 
and then it will be required to lower taxes by a UNKNOWN amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said UNKNOWN katz , assistant director of the state department of finance . 
a sales tax increase would require two-thirds approval in both houses of the state 's legislature . 
but observers expect broad support . 
`` if there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , i think the attitude will be supportive , '' said UNKNOWN west , president of the california chamber of commerce . 
but others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief UNKNOWN . 
since the late 9999s , california property owners have benefited from a tax UNKNOWN as a result of a state UNKNOWN initiative known as UNKNOWN 99 . 
the state could also increase gasoline taxes ; every one penny increase in the tax would yield $ 99 million a month . 
but gov. deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
to raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's june election UNKNOWN . 
but some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure . 
not everyone is convinced the state must raise new revenue to meet its earthquake needs . 
`` it 's possible , though not UNKNOWN , '' that the state could get by with its existing resources and federal help , said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman of the state senate 's transportation committee . 
separately , two men injured in last week 's UNKNOWN freeway collapse in oakland began a legal battle against the state over whether officials adequately UNKNOWN warnings about the structure 's safety . 
the claims , which were filed with the state board of control but will probably end up in court , are the first arising out of the collapse of the so-called cypress structure UNKNOWN . 
the men can defeat UNKNOWN that states often UNKNOWN in court by showing that officials knew or should have known that design of the structure was UNKNOWN and that they failed to make reasonable changes . 
a board of control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment . 
the following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
exxon capital corp. -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % notes due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
the notes , which are noncallable , were priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
rated triple-a by both moody 's investors service inc. and standard & poor 's corp. , the issue will be sold through salomon brothers inc . 
citicorp -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % notes due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
the noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's seven-year note . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's and double-a by s&p , the issue will be sold through salomon brothers . 
UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN inc. -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % subordinated notes due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.999 to yield 9.999 % . 
the noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 999 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by morgan stanley & co . 
xerox corp. -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % notes due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99.999 to yield 9.99 % . 
the noncallable issue was priced to yield 999 basis points above the treasury 's UNKNOWN note . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by salomon brothers . 
american general finance corp. -- $ 999 million of 9.99 % notes due oct. 99 , 9999 , through bear , stearns & co. , being offered at a price of 99.999 to yield 9.99 % . 
the noncallable issue , which has a one-time put oct. 99 , 9999 , was priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
the issue is rated single-a-9 by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p . 
baltimore gas & electric co. -- $ 999 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due oct. 99 , 9999 , through shearson lehman hutton inc. , offered at par to yield 9.99 % . 
the noncallable issue is rated UNKNOWN by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p . 
it was priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
massachusetts -- $ 999 million of general obligation bonds , consolidated loan of 9999 , series d , due 9999-9999 , through a goldman , sachs & co. group . 
the insured bonds , rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p , were priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN county school district , fla. -- $ 999 million of school district general obligation bonds , series 9999 , due 9999-9999 and 9999 , tentatively priced by a first boston corp. group to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are $ 999.9 million of 9 9\/9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced to yield 9.99 % . 
serial bonds are priced to yield to 9 % in 9999 . 
the bonds are rated single-a-9 by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p . 
UNKNOWN city UNKNOWN financing authority , calif. -- $ 999 million of revenue bonds , series 9999 , tentatively priced by a stone & UNKNOWN group . 
the issue includes $ 999 million of insured senior UNKNOWN bonds . 
these consist of current interest bonds due 9999-9999 , 9999 and 9999 , and capital appreciation bonds due 9999 and 9999 , tentatively priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
bonds due 9999 , 9999 and 9999 are n't being formally reoffered . 
there are also $ 99 million of UNKNOWN subordinate UNKNOWN bonds , due dec. 9 , 9999 , and dec. 9 , 9999 . 
there are $ 99,999,999 of 9 9\/9 % bonds priced at par and due 9999 and $ 99,999,999 of 9.9 % bonds priced at par and due 9999 . 
the insured bonds are rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p . 
the UNKNOWN subordinate UNKNOWN bonds are n't rated , according to the lead underwriter . 
west virginia UNKNOWN , economic development and tourism authority -- $ 999 million of parkway revenue bonds , series 9999 , with current interest bonds due 9999-9999 and 9999 and capital appreciation bonds due 9999-9999 , tentatively priced by a painewebber inc. group to yield from 9 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are $ 99,999,999 of 9 9\/9 % bonds priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % in 9999 . 
current interest serial bonds are tentatively priced to yield to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 and 9999 . 
the bonds are insured and rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p . 
connecticut housing finance authority -- $ 999.9 million of housing mortgage revenue bonds priced by a painewebber inc. group . 
the $ 99.9 million of series b bonds , which are n't subject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
meanwhile , the $ 99 million of series c bonds , which are UNKNOWN to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % to 9999 . 
the issue is expected to receive a double-a rating from moody 's , the underwriter said . 
an s&p rating of UNKNOWN has already been confirmed . 
montgomery county , md. -- $ 99 million of general obligation , series b , consolidated public improvement bonds of 9999 , through a manufacturers hanover trust co. group . 
the bonds , rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p , were priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 to 9999 . 
federal home loan mortgage corp. -- $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered by prudential-bache capital funding inc . 
there were no details available on the pricing of the issue , freddie mac 's series 999 . 
the issue is backed by freddie mac 9 9\/9 % securities . 
UNKNOWN co . ( japan ) -- UNKNOWN , $ 999 million issue of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 9\/9 % coupon at par . 
european portion of $ 999 million via yamaichi international europe ltd . 
asian portion of $ 999 million via UNKNOWN securities europe ltd . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from nov. 99 , 9999 , through oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
japan storage battery co. -- $ 999 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 9\/9 % coupon at par via nikko securities co . ( europe ) ltd . 
guaranteed by mitsubishi bank ltd . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from nov. 99 , 9999 , through oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed nov. 9 . 
UNKNOWN inc . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 9\/9 % coupon at par , via nomura international . 
guaranteed by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bank ltd . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from nov. 99 , 9999 , through oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
nippon signal co . ( japan ) -- 99 million marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 9\/9 % coupon , due nov. 9 , 9999 , and priced at par , via UNKNOWN . 
guaranteed by fuji bank . 
each 9,999 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from dec. 99 , 9999 , to oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN oil & fat co . ( japan ) -- 999 million swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due dec. 99 , 9999 , with a fixed 9.99 % coupon at par , via union bank of switzerland . 
put option on dec. 99 , 9999 , at a fixed 999 to yield 9.99 % . 
each 99,999 swiss franc bond convertible from nov. 99 , 9999 , to dec. 99 , 9999 , at a 9 % premium over closing share price oct. 99 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . ( netherlands ) -- 999 million swiss francs of convertible bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , with a fixed 9 % coupon at par via union bank of switzerland . 
each 9,999 swiss franc bond convertible from jan. 9 , 9999 , to oct. 99 , 9999 . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN lion ltd . ( japan ) -- 99 million swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due dec. 99 , 9999 , with a 9.99 % coupon at par , via yamaichi bank ( switzerland ) . 
put option on dec. 99 , 9999 , at an indicated 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % . 
each 99,999 swiss franc note convertible from dec. 9 , 9999 , to dec. 99 , 9999 , at 9 % premium over the closing share price oct. 99 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
credit local de france -- 999 million swiss francs of 9 % , privately placed notes due dec. 9 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % , via swiss bank corp . 
people start their own businesses for many reasons . 
but a chance to fill out UNKNOWN records is rarely one of them . 
red tape is the UNKNOWN of small business . 
ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , UNKNOWN sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and UNKNOWN demands of federal , state and local regulators . 
yet every business owner has to face the UNKNOWN of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it . 
there is hope of change . 
last week , sen. malcolm UNKNOWN ( r. , UNKNOWN . ) held hearings on a bill to strengthen an existing law designed to reduce regulatory UNKNOWN for small businesses . 
`` a great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a legislative aide to sen. UNKNOWN . 
other lawmakers are busy trying to revive the recently UNKNOWN UNKNOWN reduction act , which many feel benefited small enterprises . 
thus , optimistic entrepreneurs UNKNOWN a promised land of less red tape -- just as soon as uncle sam gets around to UNKNOWN it . 
meanwhile , they tackle the UNKNOWN of paper -- and UNKNOWN about a dream world where UNKNOWN postal regulations and government inspectors are UNKNOWN . 
to find out what red tape UNKNOWN entrepreneurs most , the journal asked a completely UNKNOWN , random UNKNOWN of business owners to UNKNOWN about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail . 
some entrepreneurs say the red tape they most love to hate is red tape they would also hate to lose . 
they concede that much of the government UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses . 
rules that set standards for products or govern business behavior , generally the best regarded form of red tape , `` create a level playing field and keep unscrupulous competitors away , '' says UNKNOWN west , president of UNKNOWN international inc. , a UNKNOWN , va. , business that designs UNKNOWN and other products . 
mr. west cites the federal communications commission and its standards for telecommunications equipment : `` they monitor product quality and prevent junk from UNKNOWN the market . '' 
some UNKNOWN about red tape are predictable : architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules . 
UNKNOWN when UNKNOWN access is required can be a UNKNOWN for architects , says mark UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN & co. , a UNKNOWN , mass. , UNKNOWN firm . 
there is such a UNKNOWN of federal , state and local codes that `` building inspectors are backing away from UNKNOWN them , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles UNKNOWN substantial resources to UNKNOWN with state insurance laws and a host of agencies . 
`` it 's very costly and UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN rosen , a partner in fleet & leasing management inc. , a boston UNKNOWN company . 
one senior executive at his firm spends nearly 99 % of his time on insurance , he says . 
other forms of red tape are more pervasive . 
the most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the UNKNOWN and filing required by tax authorities . 
UNKNOWN with environmental and workplace regulations runs a close second . 
but UNKNOWN run the UNKNOWN . 
here is the red tape that UNKNOWN surveyed business owners the most : 
environmental regulations : 
next to medical insurance , `` costs of compliance '' are the fastest-growing expense at UNKNOWN inc. , a providence , UNKNOWN , chemical company . 
peter UNKNOWN , the company 's owner , says spending on regulatory paper work and the people to do it -- mostly to comply with federal , state and local environmental laws -- will rise almost 99 % this year to $ 999,999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 9.9 % and 9.9 % of UNKNOWN 's total operating expenses . 
eastern UNKNOWN corp. , a UNKNOWN , mass. , maker of thin metal UNKNOWN parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and UNKNOWN authorities , says robert UNKNOWN , president . 
one state environmental regulator returned a report because `` it was n't heavy enough , it could n't have been correct , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
withholding rules : 
employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 9,999 within three days after payroll -- or pay stiff penalties -- and that 's a big problem for small businesses . 
it 's especially UNKNOWN `` if you 're on the road and you 're the one responsible , '' says UNKNOWN brown , president of brown capital management inc. , a baltimore UNKNOWN firm . 
employee UNKNOWN : 
UNKNOWN employee UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN , health care and other subjects costs over $ 99,999 a year for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of professional agricultural management inc. , a UNKNOWN , calif. , provider of business services to farmers . 
an employer leaves itself open to a great deal of liability if its employee UNKNOWN do n't reflect the most recent laws , he says . 
but the UNKNOWN laws are usually so complicated and UNKNOWN that `` you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it UNKNOWN , '' he adds . 
pension and UNKNOWN rules : 
UNKNOWN with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days . 
yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN existing plans . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who runs her own UNKNOWN concern in new york , says she has had to overhaul her pension and UNKNOWN plans three times in the past three years . 
`` it does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and UNKNOWN , '' ms. UNKNOWN says . 
compliance added 99 % to 99 % to her accounting bill last year , she says . 
sales tax records : 
advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most UNKNOWN -- but the exemption comes at a price of UNKNOWN records and UNKNOWN reviews . 
to justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense . 
`` you need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , executive vice president of lee UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN advertising inc. , new york . 
when the trinity UNKNOWN theater named anne bogart its artistic director last spring , the nation 's theatrical UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
ms. bogart , an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN dramatic UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN into such UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN 's `` south pacific , '' is UNKNOWN downtown . 
trinity UNKNOWN meanwhile is one of the nation 's UNKNOWN and most UNKNOWN regional theaters , still UNKNOWN an annual `` a christmas carol . '' 
how would this UNKNOWN of traditional values fare in ms. bogart 's UNKNOWN hands ? 
she held her fire with her first production at the trinity earlier this season . 
it was a predictable revival of her UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's theoretical UNKNOWN , called `` no plays , no UNKNOWN . '' 
now , with the opening of UNKNOWN gorky 's UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN , '' ms. bogart has UNKNOWN her cards on the table . 
UNKNOWN is a hand that will test the UNKNOWN of her audiences . 
for ms. bogart , who initially studied and directed in germany ( and cites such european directors as peter stein , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN ) tends to stage her productions with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- whether the text demands it or not . 
and gorky , considered the father of soviet socialist UNKNOWN , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN techniques . 
gorky was a loyal if occasionally UNKNOWN UNKNOWN writer committed to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN with plain speaking UNKNOWN in a slightly sour version of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
and `` UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN in 9999 as a kind of UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN 's `` cherry UNKNOWN , '' is a lawn party of russian UNKNOWN engaged in an UNKNOWN ideological fight to the finish between the UNKNOWN and the reformers . 
along the way there also are lots of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN ms. bogart has kept gorky 's time and place intact . 
despite the absence of UNKNOWN ( and a tendency to turn the furniture upside down ) , the production is rich in russian UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN cotton , with UNKNOWN and fishing poles UNKNOWN . 
but beyond this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to tradition , ms. bogart and company head off in a UNKNOWN direction that all but UNKNOWN gorky 's UNKNOWN drama into something UNKNOWN to , well , UNKNOWN . 
the director 's attempt to force some UNKNOWN distance between her actors and their characters frequently UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN that are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads . 
like peter UNKNOWN , ms. bogart UNKNOWN her actors as if they were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN them on UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN them off tables , even hanging them from UNKNOWN while having them perform some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
there are moments in this `` UNKNOWN '' when the characters UNKNOWN the vast UNKNOWN country house ( which looks like a UNKNOWN of frank lloyd UNKNOWN and is designed by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of `` UNKNOWN in . '' 
`` talk UNKNOWN from where it UNKNOWN , '' one of them says . 
the clash of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN this treatment , but the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of gorky 's individual characters have UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . 
as for the UNKNOWN that gorky 's text provides , when UNKNOWN in such broad UNKNOWN ( particularly by the lesser members of the UNKNOWN ) it looks and sounds forced . 
ms. bogart does better with music than with words when she wants , as she so often does want , to express herself through gorky 's UNKNOWN play . 
here she has the aid of her longtime associate jeff UNKNOWN , whom she appointed trinity 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN director and whom she equipped with a UNKNOWN new $ 99,999 sound system and recording studio . 
for gorky , mr. UNKNOWN provided an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , which is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view . 
like UNKNOWN , and indeed UNKNOWN pound , ms. bogart has said that her intent in such UNKNOWN staging of the UNKNOWN is simply an attempt to `` make it new . '' 
indeed , during a recent UNKNOWN audience discussion , the director explained that her UNKNOWN artistic wish was to find a way to play `` somewhere over the UNKNOWN '' so that the song 's `` original beauty comes through , '' UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN . 
the danger that ms. bogart seems to be UNKNOWN here is one of UNKNOWN rather than UNKNOWN , a vision so at odds with the UNKNOWN 's that the two points of view UNKNOWN , rather than UNKNOWN , each other . 
ms. bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem . 
ed shea and barbara UNKNOWN never find a real reason for their love affair as the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN young UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN doctor UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , not the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gorky intended . 
better to look in the UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , in addition to UNKNOWN one of the evening 's more impressive UNKNOWN instruments , brings an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN touch to her role of UNKNOWN , everybody 's favorite mom . 
UNKNOWN rice plays the UNKNOWN with so much edge as to steal her two scenes . 
but it is the trinity UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , jonathan fried ( UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN ) who is the actor to watch , whether he is UNKNOWN it up while conducting the chamber musicians or UNKNOWN his neighbor 's wife ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) by UNKNOWN her UNKNOWN . 
ms. de UNKNOWN writes frequently about theater . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
morgan stanley , the once UNKNOWN investment house , in 9999 helped a corporate client complete a hostile takeover . 
it was the start of a boom in UNKNOWN , even UNKNOWN , mergers . 
on july 99 , 9999 , international UNKNOWN of canada -- advised by morgan -- offered $ 99 a share , equal to $ 999 million , for esb , a philadelphia battery maker . 
esb said it was given only a UNKNOWN advance warning on a `` take it or leave it '' basis from inco , as the toronto company is called . 
`` esb is aware that a hostile tender offer is being made by a foreign company for all of esb 's shares , '' said UNKNOWN port , esb 's president . 
`` hostile '' thus entered the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
joseph UNKNOWN , of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , which became a leading legal firm in merger cases , said the case `` made takeovers UNKNOWN . '' 
esb UNKNOWN inco and within five days esb had a `` white knight '' as united aircraft -- headed by harry gray , a UNKNOWN friendly UNKNOWN of companies -- offered $ 99 a share . 
gray was advised by goldman sachs and merrill lynch . 
esb directors UNKNOWN accepted , but a UNKNOWN bidding match UNKNOWN . 
within a few days in july , inco raised its bid to $ 99 and united matched it . 
on a single day inco lifted its offer to $ 99 and then to $ 99 , equal to $ 999.9 million . 
united met the $ 99 but then withdrew . 
esb on july 99 accepted the inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the UNKNOWN and lengthy big takeovers of 9999-9999 -- was over . 
the new UNKNOWN game became a money maker for wall street 's once UNKNOWN UNKNOWN houses . 
inco paid morgan an advisory fee of about $ 999,999 , a UNKNOWN figure by today 's measures . 
early this year morgan and three other investment houses each received $ 99 million in advisory fees from UNKNOWN kravis & roberts in its $ 99 billion friendly buy-out of rjr nabisco . 
homefed corp. said third-quarter net income slid 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 per fully diluted share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a fully diluted share , because of increased bad assets and unexpected trouble in UNKNOWN foreclosed property . 
the decline surprised analysts and UNKNOWN homefed 's stock , which lost 9.9 % of its value , closing at $ 99.99 on the new york stock exchange , down $ 9.999 . 
homefed had been one of the handful of large west coast thrifts that in recent quarters had UNKNOWN interest-rate problems UNKNOWN the industry by keeping a UNKNOWN on problem assets and lending heavily into the UNKNOWN california housing market . 
analysts had been projecting fully diluted earnings in the third quarter in the range of about $ 9.99 a share . 
however , homefed 's loan UNKNOWN and purchases plunged 99 % in the quarter , to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion a year earlier . 
meanwhile , UNKNOWN assets rose to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
some $ 999 million of the troubled assets is UNKNOWN real estate , a 99.9 % surge from the $ 999.9 million of UNKNOWN property homefed held a year ago . 
homefed has $ 99.9 billion of assets . 
homefed said most of the troubled assets are apartment UNKNOWN , shopping UNKNOWN and other commercial real estate . 
it said about half are in california , with the rest scattered across the country . 
it said sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter , but it expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year . 
homefed said the slide in loan UNKNOWN was more a matter of design than a sign of UNKNOWN in the california market . 
any such downturn in california would be grim news for west coast thrifts , particularly the less healthy ones , which have performed poorly even with a UNKNOWN market . 
but homefed said it UNKNOWN UNKNOWN loan UNKNOWN in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over UNKNOWN the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
it said its real-estate operations earned a record $ 99.9 million , more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $ 9 million . 
and analysts said they see no signs of an imminent UNKNOWN in california real estate , even with last week 's earthquake . 
the thrift said earnings also were UNKNOWN in the quarter by a $ 9 million provision for losses associated with its previously reported plan to UNKNOWN a real-estate franchise network . 
for the nine months , homefed earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a fully diluted share , a 9.9 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a fully diluted share . 
yields on certificates of deposit at major banks were little changed in the latest week . 
the average yield on six-month cds of $ 99,999 and less slipped to 9.99 % from 9.99 % , according to UNKNOWN money markets , an information service based here . 
on one-year cds of $ 99,999 and less , the average slid to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
both issues are among the most popular with individual investors . 
`` because of UNKNOWN in the economy , rates can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman of UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon . '' 
changes in cd yields in the week ended tuesday were in line with UNKNOWN up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months . 
interest rates generally began declining last spring after moving steadily upward for more than a year . 
the average yield on UNKNOWN three-month cds moved up UNKNOWN of a percentage point in the latest week to 9.99 % . 
long-term cds declined just a fraction . 
the average yield on both two-year cds and five-year cds was 9.99 % . 
only cds sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on treasury bills sold at monday 's auction . 
the average yield on six-month UNKNOWN cds rose to 9.99 % from 9.99 % and on one-year cds the average yield rose to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
the brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose cds they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on UNKNOWN or from banks and thrifts directly . 
UNKNOWN sold at monday 's auction UNKNOWN 9.99 % for six months and 9.99 % for three months , up from 9.99 % and 9.99 % , respectively , the week before . 
so-called UNKNOWN cds , typically in denominations of $ 99,999 and up , also usually follow UNKNOWN and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors . 
some UNKNOWN posted UNKNOWN changes in average yields this week , both up and down . 
the average yield on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rose to 9.99 % from 9.99 % , while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 9.99 % . 
six-month and UNKNOWN yields were unchanged , on average . 
`` the ( cd ) market is unsettled right now , '' said UNKNOWN 's mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . '' 
the small changes in averages reflect generally unchanged yields at many major banks . 
some , however , lowered yields significantly . 
at chase manhattan bank in new york , for example , the yield on a small UNKNOWN six-month cd fell about a quarter of a percentage point to 9.99 % . 
in california , bank of america dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year `` savings '' cds to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
yields on money-market deposits were unchanged at an average 9.99 % for $ 99,999 and less and down just a UNKNOWN of a percentage point to 9.99 % for UNKNOWN deposits . 
lion UNKNOWN ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market UNKNOWN soft-drink products in australia , the company said . 
the new zealand brewing and retail concern did n't disclose terms . 
the agreement is effective jan. 9 and is subject to approval from australia 's foreign investment review board . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN australia ltd. has held the australian pepsi franchise for the past four years . 
lion UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN australia , a unit of pepsico inc. of the u.s. , did n't say why UNKNOWN UNKNOWN will no longer hold the franchise . 
wang laboratories inc. has sold $ 99 million of assets and reached agreements in principle to sell an additional $ 999 million shortly , richard miller , president , said at the annual meeting . 
he said wang had reached an agreement with a `` major financial firm '' to sell for $ 999 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its wang credit corp. subsidiary . 
he said it also agreed to sell a portion of its european real estate unit for $ 99 million . 
mr. miller said that wang has already sold some $ 99 million of UNKNOWN assets and disclosed that it had received $ 99 million from compaq computer corp. , houston , in the previously announced sale of its UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , plant . 
mr. miller repeated that in the next six months he plans to sell another $ 999 million to $ 999 million of assets to repay debt and reduce interest costs at wang , a UNKNOWN maker in lowell , mass . 
in response to questions after the annual meeting , mr. miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor . 
during the summer , wang executives had said they might seek outside investment . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. said it is establishing a subsidiary in britain to produce electric parts , including UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the tokyo maker of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said it purchased a plant in UNKNOWN . 
the company did n't disclose a purchase price or UNKNOWN figures . 
UNKNOWN said , however , it will invest about 9.9 billion yen ( $ 9.9 million ) in the new company . 
production is slated to begin in april . 
the company , which has a european UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN europe management UNKNOWN . h. in germany , said the latest venture is designed to meet demand for electric parts in european community countries ahead of the creation of the UNKNOWN market by the end of 9999 . 
UNKNOWN expects sales at the unit of about 9.9 billion yen in the first year . 
UNKNOWN stores inc. reported a 99 % decline in profit for the fiscal third quarter , but said operating improvements were UNKNOWN by unusual gains in the year-earlier period . 
the oakland grocery retailer , closely held since a $ 9.9 billion leveraged buy-out in 9999 , said profit for the three months ended sept. 9 was $ 9.9 million , compared with $ 99 million a year earlier . 
but it said the year-earlier results included gains of $ 99.9 million from UNKNOWN . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
for the nine months , the company said profit fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99 million in the year-earlier quarter , which included UNKNOWN gains of $ 99.9 million . 
sales increased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
benjamin jacobson & sons has been the new york stock exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock in ual corp. and its UNKNOWN since the early 9999s . 
but the firm has never had a day like yesterday . 
at first ual did n't open because of an order UNKNOWN . 
when it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 999 a share , down more than $ 99 from monday 's close . 
it sank further to as low as $ 999 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 999 , down just $ 9.999 from monday . 
in the process , 9.9 million shares traded , making ual the second most active issue on the big board . 
UNKNOWN pizza when they could and UNKNOWN until their voices gave out , the two benjamin jacobson specialists at the big board 's ual trading post yesterday UNKNOWN over what can only be described as a financial UNKNOWN . 
`` it was UNKNOWN . 
but we like to call it ` controlled UNKNOWN , ' '' said 99-year-old robert j. jacobson jr. , UNKNOWN of the firm 's founder . 
he UNKNOWN the ual post yesterday with christopher bates , 99 , an energetic long UNKNOWN who 's a dead ringer for actor UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
who was doing all the selling ? 
`` options traders , arbitrage traders -- everyone , '' said mr. bates , UNKNOWN down with a UNKNOWN of apple UNKNOWN after the close yesterday . 
added mr. jacobson , `` there were some pretty bad losses in the stock . '' 
big board traders said a UNKNOWN buy order at $ 999 a share entered by bear , stearns & co. , which was active in ual stock all day , is what set off the ual crowd in the late afternoon . 
a subsequent rally in ual helped the staggering stock market stage an UNKNOWN recovery from an 99-point deficit to finish only slightly below monday 's close . 
both jacobson traders , who had been hoping ual trading would get back to normal , read the news about the UNKNOWN of ual takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning . 
the news told them it would be a while longer before ual resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations . 
when mr. jacobson walked into the office at 9:99 a.m. edt , he announced : `` ok , buckle up . '' 
messrs. jacobson and bates walked on the big board floor at about 9:99 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble . 
already entered in the big board 's computers and UNKNOWN to their post were sell orders for 99,999 ual shares . 
the ual news had already caused a selling UNKNOWN in the so-called third market , in which firms buy and sell stock away from the exchange floor . 
ual , which closed on the big board monday at $ 999.999 a share , traded in the third market afterward as low as $ 999 a share . 
there were rumors of $ 999-a-share trades . 
in the 99 minutes before the 9:99 opening bell , the jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they UNKNOWN . 
and at 9:99 , they posted a $ 999 to $ 999 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open . 
that range was quickly narrowed to $ 999 to $ 999 , although traders surrounding the post were told that $ 999 to $ 999 would be the likely target . 
when ual finally opened a half hour late , some 999,999 shares traded at $ 999 . 
there was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
this month 's UNKNOWN market plunge spurred by ual news was n't as bad for the jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action . 
on that earlier day , the stock 's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their UNKNOWN . 
not yesterday . 
mr. jacobson , his gray hair flying , did n't wear out his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but he UNKNOWN so much he considered sending out for a new UNKNOWN . 
mr. bates usually UNKNOWN day-to-day ual trading on his own . 
but yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually UNKNOWN not only messrs. jacobson and bates but four other jacobson partners , all doing their UNKNOWN job of UNKNOWN buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market . 
about 99 floor traders UNKNOWN near the ual post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a `` UNKNOWN mass , '' as one trader described it . 
the 9.9 UNKNOWN volume flowing through the jacobson specialist operation was about five times normal for the stock . 
the heavy buying in the last half hour led the specialists to take special steps . 
the bear stearns order that marked the UNKNOWN turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as ual jumped $ 99 a share to $ 999 in the last half hour , said mr. bates . 
with 99 seconds of trading to go , mr. jacobson , with what voice he had left , announced to the trading UNKNOWN : `` we 're going to trade one price on the bell . '' 
that meant no trading would occur in the final seconds , as a way of making sure that UNKNOWN orders are n't UNKNOWN to a sudden price swing that would upset customers . 
about 99,999 shares sold at $ 999 on the bell , representing about eight to 99 late orders , the specialists estimate . 
big board traders praised the jacobson specialists for getting through yesterday without a trading halt . 
in chicago , a ual spokesman , `` by way of policy , '' declined to comment on the company 's stock or the specialists ' performance . 
leaving the exchange at about 9 p.m. , the jacobson specialists made no predictions about how trading might go today . 
said UNKNOWN ellis , a jacobson partner who got involved in the ual action , `` it all starts all over again '' today . 
britain 's current account deficit dropped to # 9.9 billion ( $ 9.99 billion ) in september from an adjusted # 9 billion ( $ 9.99 billion ) the previous month , but the improvement comes amid increasing concern that a recession could strike the u.k. economy next year . 
the UNKNOWN of british industry 's latest survey shows that business executives expect a UNKNOWN slowdown , largely because of a 99-month series of interest-rate increases that has raised banks ' base lending rates to 99 % . 
`` the outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a UNKNOWN , '' said david UNKNOWN , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee . 
he also said investment by businesses is falling off . 
of 9,999 companies surveyed , 99 % expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery , while only 99 % plan to spend more . 
but despite mounting recession fears , government data do n't yet show the economy UNKNOWN to a halt . 
unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the september trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports . 
as a result , prime minister UNKNOWN thatcher 's government is n't currently expected to ease interest rates before next spring , if then . 
chancellor of the exchequer nigel lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was UNKNOWN by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 9999 and 9999 . 
officials fear that any UNKNOWN this year could UNKNOWN inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies . 
UNKNOWN off attacks on his economic policies in a house of UNKNOWN debate yesterday , mr. lawson said inflation `` remains the greatest threat to our economic UNKNOWN '' and promised to take `` whatever steps are needed '' to UNKNOWN it off . 
the latest government figures said retail prices in september were up 9.9 % from a year earlier . 
many economists have started predicting a UNKNOWN recession next year . 
david owen , u.k. economist with kleinwort benson group , reduced his growth forecast for 9999 to 9.9 % from 9.9 % and termed the risk of recession next year `` quite high . '' 
but he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major UNKNOWN '' similar to those of 9999 and 9999 . 
still , britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation UNKNOWN in the european community 's plan to create a UNKNOWN market by 9999 . 
compared with the major economies on the UNKNOWN , the u.k. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months . 
as a result , mr. owen warned , investment will be more likely to flow toward the other european economies and `` the u.k. will be less prepared for the single market . '' 
britain 's latest trade figures contained some positive news for the economy , such as a surge in the volume of exports , which were 9.9 % higher than a year earlier . 
but while september exports rose to # 9.99 billion , imports shot up to # 99.99 billion . 
the resulting # 9.9 billion merchandise trade deficit was partly offset by an assumed surplus of # 999 million in so-called UNKNOWN items , which include income from investments , services and official UNKNOWN . 
despite the narrowing of the monthly trade gap , economists expect the current account deficit for all of 9999 to UNKNOWN to about # 99 billion from # 99.9 billion in 9999 . 
increasingly , economists say the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of british industry . 
`` when the country gets UNKNOWN , we tend to buy high-quality imports , '' mr. owen said . 
vickers plc , a british aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 999.9 million ( $ 999.9 million ) for ross UNKNOWN group plc , a maker of specialty UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the company said it expects to receive acceptances for its offer of 999 pence ( $ 9.99 ) per share representing at least 99 % of ross UNKNOWN 's issued share capital , or 99.9 million ordinary shares . 
vickers said its offer also includes an option to receive a UNKNOWN loan note in UNKNOWN of cash . 
the notes can be redeemed starting in july 9999 . 
the company said its acquisition of ross UNKNOWN will be covered largely by cash raised in its july UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN for # 999.9 million . 
if UNKNOWN wo n't pay high prices for UNKNOWN anymore , who will ? 
UNKNOWN are betting on the common UNKNOWN . 
the thoroughbred owners and UNKNOWN association , a lexington , UNKNOWN trade group , has launched `` UNKNOWN '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country . 
the group , which has held half a dozen UNKNOWN so far , also is considering promotional UNKNOWN and perhaps a pitch to wall street investment bankers . 
`` people in this business have been UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN pons , a horse UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN air , md . 
`` but the real future of this game is in a number of people owning a few horses . '' 
at the UNKNOWN race track , the UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN people like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a beer packaging plant worker . 
right now , mr. UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN his racing program , UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN thoroughbred UNKNOWN down the home stretch . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that he sold all his stocks a week before the market plummeted 999 points on oct. 99 , and he is using the money to help buy a UNKNOWN horse farm . 
`` just imagine how exciting that would be if that 's your horse , '' he says . 
but experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN business , '' warns charles c. UNKNOWN , a lexington attorney and former kentucky state securities commissioner . 
`` you have to go into it firmly UNKNOWN that it 's the kind of investment where you can lose everything . '' 
and many have done just that . 
consider UNKNOWN farm , a prominent lexington horse farm that went public in 9999 but hit hard times and filed for UNKNOWN protection last year . 
a group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of UNKNOWN , hoping to rebuild it . 
other investors have lost millions in partnerships that bought thoroughbred UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rights . 
one big problem has been the thoroughbred UNKNOWN market . 
from 9999 to 9999 , prices for the best UNKNOWN at the summer sales rose 999 % to an average of $ 999,999 . 
since then , prices have slumped , to an average of $ 999,999 this summer . 
but that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 999 for some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , UNKNOWN owners still try to UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN of the sport . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN circulated at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about the UNKNOWN of the winner 's circle and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
one UNKNOWN promises : `` UNKNOWN , parties , post times , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . '' 
`` it 's just a matter of marketing and promoting ourselves , '' says UNKNOWN bell , a UNKNOWN horse UNKNOWN from lexington . 
maybe it 's not that simple . 
for UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN buyers have to remember the basic problem of such ventures : these UNKNOWN do n't come with UNKNOWN . 
and for every champion , there are plenty of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a veteran UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN , md. , track , offers UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable UNKNOWN . 
one brown UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN from a cold , while another had UNKNOWN on its UNKNOWN , keeping both animals from the UNKNOWN . 
`` you can see the highs and UNKNOWN of the business all under one roof , '' she tells the group . 
`` there are n't too many winners . '' 
perhaps the biggest UNKNOWN owners face is convincing UNKNOWN that this is a reputable business . 
some badly managed partnerships have burned investors , sometimes after they received advice from industry `` consultants . '' 
so owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' UNKNOWN rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest . 
but some are skeptical of the code 's UNKNOWN . 
`` the industry is based on individual UNKNOWN , '' says cap UNKNOWN , a lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought UNKNOWN . 
despite the drop in prices for UNKNOWN , owning one still is n't cheap . 
at the low end , investors can spend $ 99,999 or more to own a UNKNOWN in partnership with others . 
at a UNKNOWN sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars . 
but that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 99,999 a year to raise a horse . 
for those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership , the owners ' group is considering a special sale where established horse UNKNOWN would sell a 99 % stake in horses to UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN industries inc. UNKNOWN its quarterly dividend to five cents a share , payable nov. 99 to stock of record nov. 9 . 
the company 's quarterly dividend had been 99 cents a share since april 99 , 9999 . 
UNKNOWN recently said it would UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN charge of about $ 9.9 million in its fourth quarter ending tuesday , in connection with the sale and UNKNOWN of several lines at a plant . 
the UNKNOWN , conn. , maker of industrial UNKNOWN and metal UNKNOWN has 9.9 million shares outstanding . 
dunkin ' donuts inc. , UNKNOWN a takeover proposal by canada 's UNKNOWN acquisition corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by nov. 99 . 
dunkin ' donuts , based in UNKNOWN , mass. , previously said it would explore `` alternatives , '' including a leveraged buy-out of the company , but had n't set a date for UNKNOWN of proposals . 
dunkin ' donuts chairman and chief executive robert m. UNKNOWN said `` a sale is one alternative being considered , '' but he added the board has n't decided whether to sell the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN acquisition , jointly owned by UNKNOWN canada corp. 's UNKNOWN capital group unit and UNKNOWN operations ltd. , has made a $ 99-a-share tender offer valued at $ 999 million for dunkin ' donuts . 
dunkin ' donuts ' announcement followed UNKNOWN acquisition 's request to the delaware court of UNKNOWN monday to set a trial date for its suit against the company . 
the trial had been postponed to allow dunkin ' donuts to seek alternatives to UNKNOWN acquisition 's offer . 
combustion engineering inc. said third-quarter net income of $ 99.9 million , UNKNOWN a $ 99.9 million year-earlier loss . 
the stamford , conn. , UNKNOWN products and services company said per-share earnings were 99 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $ 9.99 . 
sales fell 9.9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
strong profit in the process industries , including chemical and pulp and paper , were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings as the company closed out certain long-term contracts . 
combustion reported improved profits in its UNKNOWN and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment . 
power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low UNKNOWN contracts from previous years . 
net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 99.9 million from the sale of combustion 's minority interest in stein UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN n.v. of the netherlands . 
last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 99.9 million on UNKNOWN of assets and a $ 999 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain UNKNOWN and other power plants . 
UNKNOWN bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of UNKNOWN assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of farmers group inc. , including leo e. UNKNOWN jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if axa succeeds in acquiring farmers . 
mr. bebear added that the french insurer would keep farmers ' headquarters in los angeles and `` will not send french people to run the company . '' 
axa would also maintain farmers ' relationships with the insurance exchanges that it manages . 
mr. bebear made his remarks at a UNKNOWN meeting with reporters here yesterday as part of a tour in which he is trying to rally support in the u.s. for the proposed acquisition . 
the bid is part of sir james goldsmith 's UNKNOWN takeover attempt for b.a.t industries plc , the british tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant that acquired farmers last year for $ 9.9 billion . 
axa has agreed to acquire farmers from sir james 's investment vehicle , UNKNOWN investments ltd. , for $ 9.9 billion plus a $ 9 billion investment in UNKNOWN . 
any acquisition of farmers needs the approval of insurance UNKNOWN in the nine states where farmers operates , and mr. bebear 's trip will take him to UNKNOWN , arizona and new york after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry UNKNOWN and the press . 
hearings on axa 's acquisition application have been set for nov. 99 in UNKNOWN ; nov. 99 in illinois ; nov. 99 and dec. 9 in arizona ; dec. 99 in washington state ; and jan. 9 in oregon . 
hearings have n't yet been set in texas , ohio and kansas . 
california 's insurance commissioner does n't hold hearings on acquisition applications . 
although axa has been UNKNOWN by farmers and has n't had any meetings with management , mr. bebear nonetheless appears to be trying to woo the company 's executives with promises of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN authority under axa . 
he said mr. UNKNOWN would be a member of the top management team of the UNKNOWN group of companies , and would `` help UNKNOWN policies and strategies of the group . '' 
farmers was quick yesterday to point out the many negative aspects it sees in having axa as its parent . 
for one , axa plans to do away with certain tax credits that have resulted in more than $ 999 million paid to the farmers exchanges during the past few years to offset underwriting losses . 
those credits result because of taxes that farmers , as the management company , has paid , and have `` proved to be very important for the exchanges , '' a farmers spokesman said . 
mr. bebear contended that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $ 9 million a year , which he described as `` UNKNOWN . 
honeywell inc. , minneapolis , said it completed its previously announced sale of 99 % of the shares outstanding in its japanese joint venture , UNKNOWN , for $ 999 million . 
the stake was acquired by a group of 99 japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , honeywell said . 
proceeds will be used to repurchase as many as 99 million shares of honeywell stock , as previously announced . 
honeywell said a second sale of UNKNOWN is still being negotiated . 
the company , which now holds a 99 % stake in the venture , has indicated that it intends to retain at least a 99 % stake long term . 
a 99 % stake would allow honeywell to include UNKNOWN earnings in its results . 
a company spokesman said the gain on the sale could n't be estimated until the `` tax treatment has been determined . 
oppenheimer capital limited partnership increased the quarterly distribution to 99 cents a limited partnership unit from 99.99 cents . 
the distribution represents available cash flow from the partnership between aug. 9 and oct. 99 . 
it is payable nov. 99 to units of record oct. 99 . 
the money manager is controlled 99.9 % by its top officers and top officers of oppenheimer & co. , a securities firm . 
both firms are in new york . 
oppenheimer capital has about 9.9 million limited partnership units outstanding . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , the units closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
bank of montreal said it added 999 million canadian dollars ( us$ 999.9 million ) to its reserves against losses on third world loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to c$ 9 billion . 
the bank said the c$ 9 billion in reserves will result in a charge of c$ 999 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending tuesday . 
the bank reported net income of c$ 999 million for the nine months ended july 99 . 
the bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends . 
the bank said reserves now amount to 99 % of its total UNKNOWN exposure . 
excluding mexico , reserves equal 99 % of UNKNOWN exposure . 
in toronto stock exchange trading , bank of montreal closed at c$ 99.99 , up 99.9 canadian cents . 
UNKNOWN inc. said third-quarter earnings jumped 99 % , partly because of the sale of two of its media properties . 
the media concern said net income rose to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
the latest results include a gain of $ 9.9 million , or eight cents a share , on the sale of television stations in oklahoma city and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
revenue increased 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
robert f. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only UNKNOWN growth in newspaper revenue . 
that division 's revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million in the year-ago period . 
gains in advertising revenue , however , resulted in operating profit of $ 99.9 million -- up 99 % from $ 99.9 million . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , knight UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
alberta energy co. , UNKNOWN , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares . 
the natural resources development concern said proceeds will be used to repay long-term debt , which stood at 999 million canadian dollars ( us$ 999.9 million ) at the end of 9999 . 
the company plans to raise between c$ 99 million and c$ 999 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of canada ltd. , lead underwriter . 
the shares will be priced in early november , she said . 
general electric co. executives and lawyers provided `` misleading and false '' information to the pentagon in 9999 in an effort to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices , federal prosecutors alleged in legal UNKNOWN . 
the government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal UNKNOWN trial against ge in philadelphia federal district court , challenge the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of the nation 's UNKNOWN defense contractor . 
in a strongly UNKNOWN response UNKNOWN a filing made in the same court yesterday , ge asserted that `` prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . '' 
the company attacked the government 's allegations as `` reckless and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' and said its management `` promptly and UNKNOWN reported '' to the pentagon all relevant information about billing practices . 
the case strikes at the corporate image of ge , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic UNKNOWN equipment to highly classified design work on the strategic defense initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if pentagon and justice department officials take a tough stance . 
the company has been considered an industry leader in UNKNOWN cooperation and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of improper or UNKNOWN billing practices . 
but the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to UNKNOWN from federal authorities the extent and details of `` widespread '' fraudulent billing practices . 
the problems were uncovered during a series of internal investigations of the company 's space systems division , which has been the focus of two separate UNKNOWN prosecutions by the government since 9999 . 
the dispute stems from pretrial UNKNOWN in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company UNKNOWN , reports and documents . 
last november , a federal grand jury indicted ge on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the army of $ 99 million on a UNKNOWN computer contract . 
the company , for its part , maintains that many of the disputed documents are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN communications that should n't be turned over to prosecutors . 
a hearing is scheduled on the issue today . 
the government 's UNKNOWN filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in march 9999 , when ge was accused of UNKNOWN the pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on UNKNOWN missile contracts . 
ge pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $ 9 million in the UNKNOWN case , which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the philadelphia court . 
in order to show that all of its units had UNKNOWN billing problems and therefore should become eligible again for new contracts , prosecutors contend that `` UNKNOWN ge executives '' and company lawyers provided `` misleading statements '' to UNKNOWN force secretary UNKNOWN orr and other pentagon officials during a series of meetings in 9999 . 
overall , the government contends that ge 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with pentagon officials without UNKNOWN the extent of the management UNKNOWN and allegedly pervasive billing UNKNOWN uncovered by company investigations . 
prosecutors UNKNOWN a company that allegedly sat on UNKNOWN evidence of UNKNOWN from 9999 to 9999 , despite warnings from an internal UNKNOWN . 
when ge finally disclosed the problems , prosecutors contend that mr. orr `` was UNKNOWN informed that the { UNKNOWN } practices had only just been discovered '' by ge management . 
in its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal ge documents to UNKNOWN anticipated efforts by ge during the trial to UNKNOWN `` its good corporate character . '' 
ge , which was surprised by the UNKNOWN subpoena for more than 999 boxes and file UNKNOWN of documents , UNKNOWN that senior ge managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 9999 , and that the information was passed on quickly to mr. orr at his first meeting with company representatives . 
subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to UNKNOWN mr. orr with the company 's UNKNOWN procedures and to disclose additional information , according to ge . 
ge 's filing contends that the billing practices at the heart of the current controversy involved technical disputes rather than criminal activity . 
the company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of UNKNOWN corporate intent , UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN , '' ge 's brief asserts . 
`` on the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely UNKNOWN waters . '' 
mr. orr could n't be reached for comment yesterday . 
applied solar energy corp. of city of industry , calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , american UNKNOWN co. , signed a UNKNOWN letter of intent for the acquisition of applied solar by mcdonnell douglas corp. for about $ 99 million . 
the proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 99 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 99 cents a share placed in escrow . 
details of the escrow agreement have n't been completed , the companies said . 
there are 9.9 million shares of applied solar , of which american UNKNOWN owns 9.9 million . 
american UNKNOWN is a wayne , n.j. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern . 
completion of the acquisition is subject to execution of a definitive agreement , approval by all three companies ' boards and the approval of applied solar 's shareholders . 
an applied solar spokesman said completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year . 
a spokeswoman for the st. louis aerospace and defense concern said it wanted the UNKNOWN because applied solar is involved in solar cells and UNKNOWN laser components , and this fits with mcdonnell 's business of laser applications for military space . 
trading in UNKNOWN odeon corp. shares was halted on the new york and toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , toronto stock exchange officials said . 
brian UNKNOWN , a spokesman for the company 's committee of independent directors , established in may to UNKNOWN and evaluate offers for the company , said it was expected to make an announcement early this morning . 
but mr. UNKNOWN said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers . 
UNKNOWN traded on the new york stock exchange at $ 99.99 a share , up $ 9.999 , before trading was halted . 
analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , is the only bidder for the company as a whole . 
the current effort to auction off the company was triggered by a dispute between mr. UNKNOWN and the toronto-based movie chain 's major shareholder , mca inc . 
london share prices closed sharply lower tuesday on the back of wall street 's steep drop and renewed fears over u.k. economic fundamentals . 
tokyo 's winning UNKNOWN came to an end , and stocks fell in frankfurt and across europe as well . 
london 's financial times 999-share index shed 99.9 points to finish at 9999.9 . 
at london 's close , the dow jones industrial average was 99.99 points lower at 9999.99 . 
dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing u.k. trade figures for september and a UNKNOWN report by the UNKNOWN of british industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is UNKNOWN both business UNKNOWN and investment plans for the coming year . 
the trade and UNKNOWN reports UNKNOWN attention on high interest rates and corporate profitability and helped UNKNOWN underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the u.k. , dealers said . 
the 99-share index fell 99.9 points to 9999.9 . 
volume was a modest 999.9 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 999.9 million monday . 
market UNKNOWN also noted an absence of institutional interest later in the session helped UNKNOWN the way for broader declines when wall street opened weaker . 
they added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in UNKNOWN in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for london 's late declines . 
insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage UNKNOWN and talk of continental european interest in british life and composite insurers . 
british life insurer london & general , which UNKNOWN 9 pence to 999 pence ( $ 9.99 ) , and composite insurer royal insurance , which finished 99 lower at 999 , were featured in the talk . 
on the life insurance side , UNKNOWN group finished 9 lower at 999 , and sun life dropped 99 to # 99.99 . 
jaguar finished 9 lower at 999 . 
dealers said the market did n't react substantially to ford motor co. 's disclosure to the u.s. securities and exchange commission that it will seek 999 % of jaguar 's shares outstanding when u.k. government share regulations are lifted at the end of next year . 
tokyo stocks closed easier , posting their first loss in six trading days , partly because of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN selling by trust investment funds in the afternoon session . 
the nikkei index fell 99.99 points to 99999.99 . 
the index gained 99.99 points monday . 
in early trading in tokyo wednesday , the nikkei index rose 99.99 points to 99999.99 . 
on tuesday , the tokyo stock price index of all first section issues was down 9.99 at 9999.99 . 
first section volume was estimated at 999 million shares , up from 999 million monday . 
observers said the market again failed to find a trading focus , discouraging much participation by investors . 
the market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said . 
such sentiment is being supported by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early november . 
the expected amount is said to be 999 billion yen ( $ 9.99 billion ) to 9.99 trillion yen -- the second largest amount this year in a given period , following the record high set at the end of july , according to market observers . 
in addition to a large amount of investment trust fund cash , analysts generally see the market environment improving compared with the past couple of weeks . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst at yamaichi securities , said , `` the market sentiment is bullish , simply because there are few bad factors . '' 
buying activity tuesday centered on a wide range of UNKNOWN , domestic UNKNOWN shares whose prices range from 9,999 to 9,999 yen . 
investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds , which often buy small amounts spread across a wide range of issues . 
on the other hand , high-priced shares such as pioneer electronic and sony failed to spark investor interest because these issues are unlikely to be bought by investment trust funds , observers said . 
tuesday 's UNKNOWN losers were UNKNOWN shares such as pioneer , which shed 999 yen to 9,999 yen . 
sony was down 999 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN fell 999 to 9,999 , fuji UNKNOWN film declined 999 to 9,999 , and UNKNOWN dropped 999 to 9,999 . 
share prices on the frankfurt stock exchange closed sharply lower in thin dealings as worried investors remained idle as the result of two potentially UNKNOWN domestic developments . 
the UNKNOWN index fell 99.99 to end at 9999.99 . 
cutting against the downward trend was continental , which jumped 9 marks to 999 marks ( $ 999 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over . 
it jumped 9.9 monday . 
traders said the market was exceptionally thin , as small investors remain on the sidelines . 
market participants say investors are not only UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN following the UNKNOWN last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in west germany . 
on sunday , the governing christian democratic union suffered a series of setbacks , the extent of which became fully known only late monday , in municipal elections in UNKNOWN . 
traders say investors are worried that the UNKNOWN wo n't be able to hold office in federal elections at the end of 9999 . 
and statements by the chairman of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN labor union , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , also cast a cloud over trading , dealers said . 
mr. UNKNOWN said at a convention in west berlin that the union has to prepare for `` a big fight '' to achieve its main goal of a 99-hour UNKNOWN , down from current 99-hour UNKNOWN . 
the decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as UNKNOWN tumbled 9.9 to 999 , deutsche bank plunged 9 to 999 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well . 
daimler-benz dropped 99.9 to 999.9 , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN dropped 99.9 to 999.9 , and UNKNOWN lost 9.9 . 
elsewhere , share prices closed lower in zurich , amsterdam , milan and stockholm . 
UNKNOWN about wall street was cited in several markets . 
prices closed lower in sydney , singapore and wellington , were mixed in hong kong and higher in taipei , manila , paris , brussels and seoul . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
directors of UNKNOWN bank and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , two of UNKNOWN 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
the merger would create UNKNOWN 's seventh largest bank , with combined assets of 999 billion UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( $ 99.9 billion ) . 
the banks said an application for a UNKNOWN to merge into one entity to be called UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bank as was sent monday to the finance ministry . 
the two boards said in a joint statement that the proposed merger agreement was considered in separate board meetings in UNKNOWN monday . 
they said the agreement will be submitted to their respective UNKNOWN boards next wednesday . 
extraordinary general meetings , to be held nov. 99 , will decide the share exchange ratio . 
the merger requires the approval of UNKNOWN authorities . 
savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the office of thrift supervision said . 
but that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are UNKNOWN against blacks , the agency said . 
the office , an arm of the treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
nevertheless , on capitol hill , where the information was released yesterday at a senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely UNKNOWN against minorities . 
they asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with UNKNOWN laws . 
sen. alan UNKNOWN ( d , ill. ) , chairman of the subcommittee on consumer and regulatory affairs , said , `` i 'm not a UNKNOWN . 
but when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- i conclude that discrimination is part of the problem . '' 
james UNKNOWN , a spokesman for the u.s. league of savings institutions , said , `` the data is a red flag , but lacking the financial data you ca n't make a case that discrimination is widespread . '' 
the trade group official added : `` certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . '' 
sen. UNKNOWN held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of UNKNOWN in mortgage lending . 
the legislation also requires broad new UNKNOWN of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least . 
the federal reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other UNKNOWN , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites . 
but john UNKNOWN , a fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't UNKNOWN . 
for instance , he noted , the fed studies have shown that blacks receive more home improvement loans than whites . 
several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination . 
`` we would be the first to admit that we have not devoted the necessary amount of emphasis over the past several years '' to developing UNKNOWN for discrimination , said jonathan UNKNOWN , a top official of the office of thrift supervision . 
`` if we 've got folks out there who are being turned away in the mortgage market improperly and unfairly , '' said sen. donald UNKNOWN ( d. , mich. ) , chairman of the banking committee , `` then that is a matter that needs remedy now , not six months from now , or six years from now , or 99 years from now . '' 
officials of the federal deposit insurance corp. and the office of the comptroller of the currency said they have UNKNOWN only a few banks for violations of UNKNOWN laws . 
the UNKNOWN said it has issued five UNKNOWN to banks over the past three years for UNKNOWN practices . 
the comptroller 's office said it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 9,999 UNKNOWN of banks since april 9999 . 
the comptroller 's office also said that of 99,999 complaints it received since january 9999 , only 99 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending . 
the agency UNKNOWN the complaints but no violations were cited . 
thrift regulators did n't give any figures on their enforcement actions . 
mr. UNKNOWN said that among the UNKNOWN being considered by regulators to fight discrimination is the use of `` UNKNOWN '' -- government investigators who would UNKNOWN as home buyers . 
the department of housing and urban development has used UNKNOWN to investigate discrimination in UNKNOWN housing . 
using UNKNOWN could be controversial with financial institutions , but mr. UNKNOWN said the u.s. league of savings institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter . 
time warner inc. is considering a legal challenge to tele-communications inc. 's plan to buy half of showtime networks inc. , a move that could lead to UNKNOWN war between the cable industry 's two most powerful players . 
time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining tele-communications as investors in showtime , cable-tv industry executives say . 
time officials declined to comment . 
last week , tele-communications agreed to pay viacom inc. $ 999 million for a 99 % stake in its showtime subsidiary , which is a UNKNOWN second to time 's home box office in the delivery of UNKNOWN networks to cable subscribers . 
tele-communications , the u.s. 's largest cable company , said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment . 
tele-communications is hbo 's largest customer , and the two have a number of other business relationships . 
earlier this year , time even discussed bringing tele-communications in as an investor in hbo , executives at both companies said . 
the purchase of the showtime stake is `` a direct UNKNOWN in our face , '' said one senior time executive . 
time is expected to mount a legal challenge in u.s. district court in new york , where viacom in may filed a $ 9.9 billion antitrust suit charging time and hbo with UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN business and trying to crush competition from showtime . 
executives involved in UNKNOWN time 's defense say it is now preparing a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN both viacom and tele-communications as defendants . 
the executives say time may seek to break up the transaction after it is UNKNOWN , or may seek UNKNOWN that would prevent tele-communications from dropping hbo in any of its cable systems in favor of showtime . 
viacom officials declined to comment . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , tele-communications ' chief outside counsel , said he was n't aware of time 's legal plans . 
but he said that any effort by time to UNKNOWN the tele-communications investment in showtime as UNKNOWN would be `` the pot calling the UNKNOWN black . '' 
`` it 's hard to see how an investment by the largest { cable operator } in the weaker of the two networks is UNKNOWN , when the stronger of the two networks is owned by the second largest '' cable operator , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
in addition to owning hbo , with 99 million subscribers , time warner separately operates cable-tv system serving about 9.9 million cable-tv subscribers . 
tele-communications controls close to 99 million cable subscribers , and viacom has about one million . 
in its suit against time , viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and UNKNOWN networks gives the company too much market power . 
time argues that in joining up with tele-communications , viacom has potentially more power , particularly since viacom also owns cable networks UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN . 
ironically , tele-communications and time have often worked closely in the cable business . 
together , they control nearly 99 % of turner broadcasting systems inc. ; tele-communications has a 99.9 % stake , while time warner has a 99.9 % stake . 
but since time 's merger with warner communications inc. , relations between the two have become UNKNOWN . 
each company worries that the other is becoming too powerful and too UNKNOWN integrated . 
meanwhile , some legal observers say the tele-communications investment and other developments are weakening viacom 's antitrust suit against time . 
viacom UNKNOWN time in its suit of UNKNOWN to carry showtime or a UNKNOWN service , the movie channel , on time 's manhattan cable tv system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems . 
but yesterday , manhattan cable announced it will launch showtime on nov. 9 to over 999,999 subscribers . 
showtime has also accused hbo of UNKNOWN up the lion 's share of hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios . 
but showtime has continued to sign new contracts with hollywood studios , and yesterday announced it will buy movies from columbia pictures entertainment inc. , which currently has a UNKNOWN arrangement with hbo . 
the federal trade commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring imo industries inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the u.s. unit of the british company , united scientific holdings plc , for $ 99 million . 
the ftc said it `` had reason to believe that the proposed acquisition could substantially reduce competition '' in the production of certain image UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which are important components of UNKNOWN devices sold primarily to the defense industry . 
the ftc said it would seek to UNKNOWN the proposed acquisition in a federal trial court , but declined to specify which one . 
under federal law , if the court grants a preliminary injunction , the ftc must begin administrative proceedings to determine the UNKNOWN of the proposed stock purchase within 99 days . 
officials at the united scientific unit , UNKNOWN corp. of UNKNOWN , texas , and at imo industries of UNKNOWN , n.j. , could n't be reached for comment . 
the airline industry 's fortunes , in UNKNOWN shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks . 
citing rising fuel costs , promotional fare cuts and a general slowdown in travel , several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results . 
yesterday , usair group inc. , recently one of the industry 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , posted a UNKNOWN $ 99.9 million net loss for the period . 
so far , the industry 's fourth quarter is n't looking too strong either , prompting many analysts to slash earning projections for the rest of the year by as much as UNKNOWN . 
and they say the outlook for 9999 is nearly as bad . 
airlines in 9999 `` came in like a bang and are going out like a UNKNOWN , '' said UNKNOWN murphy , an airline analyst at morgan stanley & co . 
this turn of events has put a big UNKNOWN on an industry that seemed almost UNKNOWN last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on UNKNOWN in certain markets . 
now , many airline companies might become a lot less attractive as takeover targets on wall street . 
the downturn also raises questions about the carriers ' ambitious orders for new airplanes , which currently total $ 99.9 billion over the next three years . 
for travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
in recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers . 
others have tried to UNKNOWN up UNKNOWN programs . 
previously , airlines were limiting the programs because they were becoming too expensive . 
just last week , for example , trans world airlines and pan am corp. 's pan american world airways went so far as to offer cash rebates or gift checks of $ 999 to $ 9,999 to certain UNKNOWN members making UNKNOWN flights in business class or first class . 
the industry 's slowdown became apparent this month when amr corp. , parent of american airlines , reported an 9.9 % drop in third-quarter net income and said its fourth quarter would be `` disappointing . '' 
shortly before that , usair had said its third-quarter results would be `` significantly lower '' than a year earlier . 
yesterday , it provided the details : 
its loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , UNKNOWN with net of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the 9999 third quarter . 
revenue rose only 9.9 % in the latest period , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
for the nine months , the UNKNOWN , va. , company 's net plunged 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the results surprised many analysts , because usair has almost no competition in its pittsburgh UNKNOWN and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of UNKNOWN airlines . 
shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , usair 's stock tumbled $ 9 a share . 
it ended at $ 99.999 , down $ 9.999 , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
`` nobody was expecting this size of a loss , '' said paul UNKNOWN , an analyst with first boston corp . 
one airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss `` amazing . '' 
in announcing the results , usair cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently . 
it said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer . 
to try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 9.9 % in august , in contrast to increases of 99 % each in february and march . 
but so far , the effort has failed , and traffic is still slow . 
some other fare promotions have UNKNOWN . 
this summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were UNKNOWN with an adult . 
airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected . 
airlines also say their UNKNOWN programs are UNKNOWN profits because awards are being redeemed at a UNKNOWN rate . 
one airline official said about three times as many UNKNOWN coupons are being turned in as in previous years -- not surprisingly , as the airlines last year allowed many travelers to build up UNKNOWN at triple the normal rate . 
rising operating expenses are another problem . 
fuel costs were up 99 % in the third quarter . 
labor costs , which UNKNOWN off in the past few years because of lower pay UNKNOWN for newer employees , are on the UNKNOWN again at many carriers . 
and some carriers are facing other unexpected UNKNOWN : usair , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by hurricane hugo last month . 
`` we can not UNKNOWN the total adverse effects of hugo , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman and president of usair group . 
whatever the cause for the downturn , few people are predicting any sudden improvement . 
airline economics inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 9.9 billion for 9999 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 9 billion to $ 9.9 billion . 
as for 9999 , the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $ 9 billion and $ 9.9 billion . 
good UNKNOWN ! 
charlie brown is selling out . 
those metropolitan life ads were bad enough . 
but now , charlie brown is about to start UNKNOWN everything from UNKNOWN party mix to light UNKNOWN . 
why is he UNKNOWN in now ? 
turns out that next year , charlie brown , UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN turn 99 -- and UNKNOWN howard 's united media unit , the UNKNOWN and licensing agent for charles UNKNOWN 's comic strip , sees a UNKNOWN in licensing the UNKNOWN characters to a UNKNOWN of advertisers for ads , UNKNOWN and promotions . 
`` UNKNOWN has become a major part of american culture , '' says peter shore , united media 's vice president of marketing and licensing . 
the comic strip `` has a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN quality about it . 
our plan is to honor charles UNKNOWN and the strip all year long . '' 
the effort will make the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN very familiar UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
general electric plans to use the characters to UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN light UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN will run tv ads at UNKNOWN 's day promoting its `` UNKNOWN 's love UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN will promote its UNKNOWN party mix 's three new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN named for charlie brown , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the characters will also be featured in a new public service effort for the united way . 
beyond the UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN is planning a UNKNOWN arena show , new tv UNKNOWN for cbs and even an UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN institute . 
the UNKNOWN schedule of UNKNOWN will be kicked off officially with a combination live and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN special at the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in january . 
all the UNKNOWN , though , have some marketing experts UNKNOWN whether the party may go too far . 
`` there are too many people participating , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , of UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a greenwich , conn. , marketing consulting firm . 
`` if you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
sharing a character with other advertisers is n't a way to do that . '' 
but united media says it 's very UNKNOWN with the contracts it hands out . 
`` we 're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along , '' mr. shore says . 
metropolitan life ad executives could n't be reached about the use of the UNKNOWN characters by others . 
but mr. shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category . 
berry UNKNOWN wpp group 
norman berry , the creative executive who was apparently squeezed out of ogilvy & mather in june , is returning to ogilvy 's parent company , wpp group plc . 
mr. berry , 99 , had resigned after being asked by ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , kenneth roman , to give up his title as creative head of the new york office and to take a UNKNOWN international role . 
yesterday , just a day after mr. roman announced he would leave to take a top post at american express , wpp said mr. berry would return to take an international role at the parent company . 
mr. berry said the timing was a UNKNOWN and that his decision was UNKNOWN to mr. roman 's departure . 
rjr UNKNOWN UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN 
rjr nabisco inc. awarded its national broadcast UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN katz partners , the new york UNKNOWN of chicago-based UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN katz partners as agency of record for nabisco brands inc. and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. follows rjr nabisco 's announcement last week that it will UNKNOWN its rjr nabisco broadcast division and UNKNOWN its 99 employees dec. UNKNOWN to cut costs . 
new york-based rjr nabisco would n't say what it spends annually , but industry executives say it will spend more than $ 999 million this year , down from about $ 999 million last year . 
ad notes ... . 
earnings : 
interpublic group of cos. said third-quarter net rose 99 % to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
revenue increased more than 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
holiday promotion : 
pepsico inc. will give away 9,999 sets of `` game boy , '' UNKNOWN 's new UNKNOWN video game in a UNKNOWN promotion scheduled to begin nov. 9 . 
pepsi said it will spend $ 99 million advertising the promotion . 
international business machines corp. agreed to acquire a 99 % stake in paxus corp. , an australian UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN concern , for 99 million australian dollars ( us$ 99 million ) . 
the investment will be made through ibm australia ltd. , a unit of ibm , the two companies said yesterday . 
ibm can raise its stake in paxus to 99 % over three years , but agreed to not go beyond 99 % in that time . 
paxus said in a statement it has several `` well developed product and services relationships '' with the u.s. computer company , and plans to expand these links . 
the company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion . 
a majority stake in paxus currently held by UNKNOWN corp. will be diluted to slightly less than 99 % after ibm acquires its interest . 
the agreement requires approval from australia 's foreign investment review board and national companies and securities commission , and from shareholders of paxus . 
bond corp . holdings ltd. 's consolidated debt totals 9.9 billion australian dollars ( us$ 9.99 billion ) , including a$ 9.9 billion of bonds convertible into shares . 
alan bond , chairman and controlling shareholder of the UNKNOWN australian media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt figures yesterday . 
the disclosure follows last friday 's news that bond corp. incurred an overall loss of a$ 999.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 99 , the largest loss in australian corporate history . 
the debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of a$ 9 billion over the past year from asset sales , mr. bond said at a business gathering . 
mr. bond indicated the consolidated debt figures , which include debt of units such as bell group ltd. , will be published soon in bond corp. 's 9999 annual accounts . 
he predicted the debt will be reduced by another a$ 9.9 billion this fiscal year ending june 99 , 9999 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved . 
mr. bond blamed rising australian interest rates and the acquisition of bell group `` with its very high levels of UNKNOWN debt '' for producing a condition `` that was no longer UNKNOWN . 
`` in order to restore confidence and ensure the support of our principal lenders , '' mr. bond said , `` we UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN changes in the structure and direction of the group . '' 
that UNKNOWN resulted in continuing asset sales , as well as write-offs exceeding a$ 9.9 billion last fiscal year . 
`` in UNKNOWN we have made a decision to clear the UNKNOWN , '' mr. bond told the meeting . 
while some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , mr. bond maintained . 
among these are the company 's australian brewing assets , in the books at a$ 999 million but actually worth a$ 9.9 billion , he said . 
an investment in UNKNOWN 's telephone company is carried at us$ 999 million but really worth us$ 999 million , and the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least a$ 999 million , mr. bond said . 
mr. bond forecast that by next june , `` what will emerge will be a company with a UNKNOWN sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with UNKNOWN assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property . '' 
he did n't name energy resources in that list , UNKNOWN that all the company 's coal and oil interests might be for sale in total or in part . 
some of the oil interests already have been sold . 
UNKNOWN of north america inc. , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , mich. , estimated it will sell about as many cars in 9999 as the 99,999 it expects to deliver this year . 
mercedes officials said they expect flat sales next year even though they see the u.s. luxury-car market expanding slightly . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of the u.s. sales arm of west german auto maker UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ag , predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 999,999 in 9999 from 999,999 this year primarily because of the new japanese makes . 
most of the growth , he said , will come in the $ UNKNOWN price range , where mercedes has a 99 % u.s. market share . 
mercedes sold 99,999 cars in 9999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN also said that mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-9999s and it will UNKNOWN its product development cycle to eight years from 99 or 99 years to compete more effectively with toyota motor corp. 's UNKNOWN , nissan motor co. 's UNKNOWN and honda motor co. 's UNKNOWN luxury-car divisions . 
UNKNOWN mining co. , san francisco , blamed the continued slump in gold prices for an 99 % plunge in third-quarter net income to $ 9 million , or two cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.99 , down 99 cents . 
`` a significant increase in gold sales to 999,999 ounces for the quarter from 999,999 in the third quarter of 9999 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price UNKNOWN to $ 999 from $ 999 per ounce , '' the company said . 
for the nine months , the mining company posted a 99 % drop in profit to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on a 9 % rise in revenue to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the treasury plans to raise $ 9.9 billion in new cash with the sale monday of about $ 99.9 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 99.99 billion in maturing bills . 
the offering will be divided evenly between 99-week and 99-week bills maturing feb. 9 , 9999 , and may 9 , 9999 , respectively . 
UNKNOWN for the bills , available in minimum $ 99,999 denominations , must be received by 9 p.m. UNKNOWN monday at the treasury or at federal reserve banks or branches . 
the treasury said it will alter the auctions unless it has assurance of UNKNOWN of legislation to raise the UNKNOWN debt limit before the scheduled auctions monday . 
apogee enterprises inc. said profit for the third quarter ending dec. 9 will fall below the year-earlier results because of an after-tax charge of $ 9.9 million related to a project that was guaranteed by the company . 
a year ago , the minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 9 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 999 million . 
apogee said the charge stems from a building supply contract in which the company guaranteed a contractor 's performance . 
apogee said a UNKNOWN had severe cost overruns and was unable to UNKNOWN the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project . 
the company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year . 
japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in september fell 9.9 % from a year ago to 9,999,999 units because of a slip in exports , the japan automobile manufacturers ' association said . 
domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was UNKNOWN in september by the estimated 9 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association . 
the association said domestic demand grew 9.9 % in september . 
demand has been growing consistently under the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN government policies , an association spokesman said . 
he also said the introduction of a 9 % consumption tax in april has helped sales . 
the new tax , though a source of general UNKNOWN among japanese taxpayers , replaced a higher commodities tax that applied to automobiles . 
japanese domestic UNKNOWN sales rose 99 % in september , the japan automobile dealers ' association said earlier this month . 
the manufacturers ' association will issue statistics on vehicle exports later this month . 
production of cars rose to 999,999 units in september , a 9.9 % increase from a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN cars accounted for the greatest growth in units , rising 99,999 units to 999,999 units , or 99 % . 
UNKNOWN output more than tripled . 
manufacturers produced 99,999 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 999 cubic UNKNOWN or less -- an increase of 99,999 units . 
total truck production fell 99 % from a year earlier to 999,999 units . 
UNKNOWN production fell 99 % to 99,999 units . 
bus production also slipped , by 99 % from a year earlier to 9,999 units . 
the association spokesman said bus production has declined since january , but could n't offer an explanation for the fall . 
auto production for the first half of the fiscal year , which began in august , totaled 9,999,999 units , the association said . 
UNKNOWN production was up 9.9 % compared with the same period a year earlier . 
stock of united airlines parent ual corp. UNKNOWN wildly yesterday amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the ual board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction . 
the board 's decision , announced after the market closed monday , initially prompted a severe sell-off in ual shares , which at UNKNOWN traded as low as $ 999 a share , down $ 99 a share , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen ual stock tumble 99 % since oct. 99 , also triggered a UNKNOWN sell-off that sent the dow jones industrial average down more than 99 points at 99:99 a.m . 
but then steady , concentrated buying by bear , stearns & co. , which frequently buys stock for corporate raiders , took hold and UNKNOWN the fall in ual , which eventually buoyed the entire market . 
the industrial average closed down only 9.99 points at 9999.99 . 
late in the afternoon , several big purchases by bear , stearns , particularly a block of 999,999 shares at 9:99 p.m. at $ 999 a share , triggered a buying spree that took ual up more than 99 points in the final hour of trading . 
ual stock closed at $ 999 a share , down $ 9.999 . 
volume was a tumultuous 9.9 million shares , or 99 % of the 99.9 million ual shares outstanding . 
traders estimated that bear , stearns bought more than 9 million shares . 
the two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were coniston partners , which battled the ual board in 9999 , and new york real estate developer donald trump , who recently made and withdrew an offer for american airlines parent amr corp . 
however , one person familiar with ual said the signs pointed to coniston because mr. trump has n't asked for permission to buy more than $ 99 million of stock under federal antitrust rules . 
takeover-stock traders , UNKNOWN by their huge losses in ual stock , remained eager for some action by an outside catalyst following the collapse oct. 99 of a $ 999-a-share , $ 9.99 billion labor-management buy-out . 
their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder UNKNOWN . 
baker , nye investments , a new york takeover-stock trader that owns ual stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
but partner richard nye said , `` this is the most extraordinary failed transaction i 've seen in 99 years in this business . 
it would make sense for somebody to do it . 
i have never seen a case of incompetence shared by so many participants . '' 
in 9999 , baker , nye UNKNOWN a proxy fight for control of UNKNOWN transportation inc. that ultimately led to UNKNOWN 's being sold . 
some traders pointed hopefully to earlier estimates by ual 's investment adviser , first boston corp. , that UNKNOWN could yield $ 999 to $ 999 a share . 
but those would require pilots ' cooperation . 
any investor who acquires ual stock in an attempt to force a buy-out or recapitalization must deal with united 's UNKNOWN unions . 
the pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month . 
that gives them enormous leverage , including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt they oppose . 
however , a catalyst like coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting monday . 
the pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 999 and $ 999 a share , or $ 9.99 billion to $ 9.99 billion . 
one person familiar with ual said the unsettled labor situation and the uncertain world-wide financial markets contributed to the board 's decision to avoid `` rushing around selling the company at a bargain price , '' particularly since it accepted a $ 999-a-share offer just last month . 
even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't UNKNOWN with the board 's logic . 
but the board 's decision prompted many to UNKNOWN out of the stock yesterday . 
`` we had a lot of people who threw in the UNKNOWN today , '' said UNKNOWN ellis , a partner in benjamin jacobson & sons , a specialist in trading ual stock on the big board . 
another trader noted that many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their ual stock at the bottom , but already own so much they ca n't buy any more . 
`` this deal is like a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
`` they check in , but they ca n't check out . '' 
but both the traders and the pilots remain interested in some transaction . 
so too , according to many reports , is british airways plc , despite its public withdrawal from the buy-out . 
the pilots might end up UNKNOWN up with their longtime UNKNOWN , the machinists union , in a recapitalization . 
the machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for UNKNOWN that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake . 
the company rejected those past proposals . 
it is unclear , however , if the machinists would support a majority stake , as the pilots want . 
a UNKNOWN official said that would depend on how much in concessions machinists would have to give in return for the majority stake . 
some investors whose names were UNKNOWN about by traders as potential ual stock buyers said they were n't buying . 
`` i 'm not interested , '' said dallas investor harold simmons . 
a source close to carl icahn , a corporate raider who owns trans world airlines inc. , said he has n't owned any ual stock and is n't buying . 
one person familiar with texas billionaire robert bass said he is n't likely to make any hostile moves . 
and a spokesman for reliance group holdings inc. , which had held 9 % of ual before the first buy-out bid but later reduced its holdings below 9 % , would n't comment . 
marvin davis , whose $ 9.9 billion takeover bid originally put the nation 's second-largest airline in play , is limited by a UNKNOWN agreement with ual he signed in september . 
the los angeles investor ca n't buy ual stock , UNKNOWN shareholder UNKNOWN or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 999 a share or ual UNKNOWN an offer below $ 999 . 
however , mr. davis could pressure the board by asking that the agreement be UNKNOWN , or letting it be known that he has financing for an offer at a lower price . 
times mirror co. said third-quarter net income fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the los angeles media concern said that the year-ago period included a $ 99.9 million gain from the sale of assets , primarily UNKNOWN . 
revenue was $ 999.9 million , up 9.9 % from $ 999.9 million . 
stronger results from the company 's broadcast and cable television units and professional and UNKNOWN publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the los angeles times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the eastern u.s. , the company said . 
`` looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains UNKNOWN , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our eastern markets , '' said robert f. UNKNOWN , times mirror 's chairman and chief executive . 
copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds . 
december copper opened near monday 's close , tried to rally but failed , and then triggered stop-loss orders on its way down to settle at $ 9.9999 a pound , off 9.99 cents for the day . 
stop-loss orders are placed previously with instructions to execute them if the market hits a UNKNOWN price . 
william kaiser , president of the kaiser financial group in chicago , said the decline was almost certainly influenced by the early sell-off in the stock market , which partly reflected a weakening economy . 
he said the recent decline in copper stocks was misleading in the face of a slowdown in manufacturing . 
mr. kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became UNKNOWN weaker two to three weeks ago . 
but though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , mr. kaiser said that third world UNKNOWN countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
they might even step up sales in a falling market , he said , in an effort to maintain the flow of foreign exchange into their UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , mr. kaiser noted that a lot of traders had bought into the market when the price was in the $ 9.99 to $ 9.99 range , thinking there was support at the $ 9.99 level . 
when the market fell below that level on monday and then yesterday could n't climb above that level , traders started selling out their positions . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , senior metals analyst at prudential-bache securities in new york , agreed that most of the selling was of a technical nature . 
she said the market hit the $ 9.99 level at around 99 a.m. edt where it encountered a large number of stop-loss orders . 
more stop-loss orders were touched off all the way down to below $ 9.99 , where modest buying was attracted . 
ms. UNKNOWN said the settling of strikes in canada and mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year . 
she thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 9.99 to $ 9.99 range . 
`` i believe that as soon as the selling UNKNOWN somewhat we could see a rally back to the $ 9.99 region , '' she added . 
she thinks a recovery in the stock market would help copper rebound as well . 
she noted that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 9.9 % to 9 % . 
`` if the number is a little better , then copper will respond UNKNOWN , if it is worse then more selling could UNKNOWN , '' she predicted . 
ms. UNKNOWN noted that relating economic numbers to specific market activity is tricky . 
yesterday , for example , `` the durable goods numbers came out for september and the number was down only 9.9 % , '' she said . 
`` however , if you exclude UNKNOWN orders then durable goods were down 9.9 % . 
i believe that number reflects a slowing economy . '' 
she said copper traders will also be looking toward the release of the index of leading economic indicators next tuesday . 
however , david threlkeld , president of threlkeld & co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 9999 , and that projected production is below last year . 
mr. threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months , with declining use being the result . 
`` but , '' he added , `` we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years . '' 
he noted that currently the ratio of available copper to consumption is about 9.9 weeks . 
he said the normal ratio is five to six weeks . 
according to mr. threlkeld , the UNKNOWN in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries . 
`` it takes three months to turn copper concentrate into UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
if there is n't a recession , he said , `` we will be out of copper by the end of march . 
if there is a recession that will change the statistical situation . '' 
he thinks that without a recession copper prices could exceed a high of $ 9.99 a pound , which was reached last year . 
in the past mr. threlkeld has been known to have substantial long positions that is , he had bought copper futures in anticipation of rising prices -- in the copper futures market . 
in other commodity markets yesterday : 
energy : the attitude was `` UNKNOWN '' in crude oil futures yesterday in trading on the new york mercantile exchange . 
prices for the u.s. benchmark west texas intermediate crude remained locked in a fairly narrow range before ending the session four cents lower at $ 99.99 a barrel for december delivery . 
several analysts and brokers said the petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking . 
but an early 99-point drop in the dow jones industrial average stopped the crude rally cold . 
the industrial average recovered to close only 9.99 points lower , but petroleum futures never shook off the UNKNOWN . 
most market participants said they were looking to this week 's inventory statistics from the american petroleum institute to give the market some direction . 
the report is n't generally available until late on UNKNOWN . 
precious metals : futures prices inched upward in mostly lackluster trading . 
december gold was up $ 9.99 an ounce at $ 999.99 ; december silver gained 9.9 cents to $ 9.9999 an ounce . 
january platinum rose $ 9.99 an ounce to $ 999.99 . 
mr. kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets . 
he noted that two weeks ago there were rumors of soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases , but the sales do n't seem to have materialized . 
ms. UNKNOWN thought yesterday 's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar . 
`` gold still acts as a haven when uncertainty UNKNOWN in the financial markets as it did '' yesterday , she said . 
mr. kaiser noted that gold was more than 99 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
`` the high ratio reflects the fact that silver is still regarded as about a UNKNOWN metal and its price lagging relative to gold says that traders are expecting a weakening economy , '' he said . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN : prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather . 
the sale to the chinese government of 999,999 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export UNKNOWN program was announced after the close of trading monday , but the sale was expected and failed to UNKNOWN prices yesterday , said dale UNKNOWN , a futures analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc. in chicago . 
as for other export customers , the soviet union is n't expected to be back buying u.s. corn in significant amounts until early next year , he said . 
a number of commercial grain users UNKNOWN that opinion yesterday by buying certain corn options for delivery in march , indicating to analysts that the commercial companies would use the options to hedge against expected corn sales in next year 's first quarter . 
cocoa : futures at first continued the rally begun on monday , but then UNKNOWN and closed lower . 
the december contract opened just under monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 9,999 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 9,999 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests . 
the contract settled at $ 9,999 a ton , off $ 99 . 
robert UNKNOWN , senior commodities analyst at kaiser financial group , said monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 99 minutes after the opening . 
he said even though there was arbitrage buying in new york because of the weak dollar , cocoa fell to UNKNOWN pressure from bearish traders . 
but he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa . 
the december contract reached its UNKNOWN low of $ 999 a ton on oct. 99 ; its UNKNOWN high was $ 9,999 , set in 9999 , and its recent high was $ 9,999 , set in early august . 
the last time cocoa traded at prices as low as currently was in 9999 . 
but while further modest declines might be ahead , mr. UNKNOWN said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high . 
citizens first bancorp . inc. said it agreed to buy UNKNOWN first financial group inc. , a UNKNOWN , n.j. , bank holding company , for about $ 99.9 million in cash and stock . 
citizens first , which controls citizens first national bank and is based in UNKNOWN rock , n.j. , will pay a maximum of 99 % in cash for the parent of UNKNOWN savings bank and the remainder in convertible preferred stock , with a liquidation value of $ 99 a share . 
UNKNOWN holders will have the option to request either stock or cash . 
the convertible preferred will pay dividends at 9.999 % and be convertible into shares of citizens first at a rate equal to 99 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 99-day period prior to the transaction 's completion . 
the deal requires regulatory and shareholder approval . 
color systems technology inc. , los angeles , said its major creditor , general electric pension trust , agreed to convert $ 99.9 million of debt owed into 99 % of color system 's fully diluted common stock . 
the agreement also calls for general electric pension , a unit of general electric co. , to receive as much as 99 % of color systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the UNKNOWN film library and its receivables . 
general electric pension took control of the UNKNOWN library last month after color systems UNKNOWN on the loan . 
the agreement depends on color systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
buddy young , president , said the company expects to conclude negotiations with other creditors within 99 days . 
color systems , which UNKNOWN UNKNOWN film to color UNKNOWN , posted a loss of $ 9.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on revenue of $ 99.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 99 . 
its stock fell 99.9 cents , to $ 9.999 , in american stock exchange composite trading yesterday . 
next to UNKNOWN kravis roberts 's UNKNOWN rjr nabisco deal , sci television is small UNKNOWN . 
but the troubles of sci tv are a classic UNKNOWN of the leveraged buy-out UNKNOWN of the 9999s , especially the UNKNOWN game . 
sci tv , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 9.9 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another lbo that went bad after UNKNOWN on debt -- though it did do that . 
the cable and tv station company was an lbo of an lbo , a set of assets that were leveraged twice , enabling the blue-chip buy-out king henry kravis in 9999 to take more than $ 9 billion of cash out of the UNKNOWN - UNKNOWN . 
sci tv 's buy-out was an UNKNOWN in the hole for mr. kravis and for investors in kkr partnerships . 
but it has left holders of sci tv 's junk bonds holding the bag , including some UNKNOWN that kkr might need to finance future deals , such as kemper financial services , first executive , columbia savings & loan and prudential insurance co. of america . 
some junk-holders are said to be considering legal action against kkr or moves to force sci tv into bankruptcy court . 
and kkr 's majority partner in sci tv 's buy-out , UNKNOWN , tenn. , entrepreneur george gillett , also is said to be very UNKNOWN . 
sci tv 's six stations once were part of storer communications . 
kkr UNKNOWN up the cable and television company with debt in an 9999 buy-out , then later sold storer 's cable operations at a fat profit . 
in 9999 , kkr for the second time UNKNOWN debt onto storer 's tv stations , selling them for $ 9.9 billion to a new entity that was 99%-owned by kkr and 99%-owned by gillett corp. , which now operates the sci tv stations . 
in this second lbo , kkr with one hand took more than $ 9 billion of cash out of the tv company 's assets and moved it into the storer cable operations , making them more valuable in a 9999 sale . 
( storer also took $ 999 million of UNKNOWN sci tv bonds as partial payment for the tv assets . ) 
with the other hand , kkr put back into sci tv less than 99 % of the cash it had taken out , buying sci tv common and preferred shares . 
so , while kkr today has an estimated $ 999 million UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN sci tv , including equity and debt , the lbo firm still is $ 9 billion ahead on the sci tv buy-out after taking cash up front . 
on storer as a whole , kkr UNKNOWN up compound annual returns of 99 % in the three years it owned storer . 
meanwhile , mr. gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 999 million in sci tv if the company ca n't be restructured . 
overall , mr. gillett 's holding company , gillett holdings , is heavily UNKNOWN and , except for its UNKNOWN mountain resorts , is n't doing very well . 
with the tv business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if sci tv had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 99 % less than in the 9999 buy-out , UNKNOWN out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
meanwhile , sci tv can barely pay its cash interest bill , and to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon UNKNOWN a lot of bank loans and junk bonds that have fallen due . 
sci tv 's grace period for paying its bills is due to expire nov. 99 . 
it now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt . 
negotiations `` have started con - UNKNOWN , but that 's not to say we like this particular offer , '' says wilbur ross of UNKNOWN inc. , adviser to sci tv junk-holders . 
no major player in the sci tv deal will talk publicly . 
but it 's understood that mr. kravis is disappointed that mr. gillett did n't manage to boost sci tv 's operating profit after the buy-out . 
mr. kravis apparently thinks sci tv can survive if lenders extend its debt payments until tv stations rise in value again , allowing sci tv to sell assets to pay debt . 
mr. gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a detroit station . 
as for junk-holders , they 're UNKNOWN it can be a mistake to take the other side of a trade by kkr . 
the bonds of sci tv now are being quoted at prices ranging from only five cents to about 99 cents on the dollar , according to UNKNOWN smith & co. in new york , which trades distressed securities . 
people who have seen sci tv 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by kkr and gillett corp . 
they would both give part of their combined $ 99 million in common equity in sci tv to holders of sci tv 's $ 999 million of junk bonds , as a UNKNOWN to persuade them to accept new bonds that might reduce the value of their claims on the company . 
but some UNKNOWN sci tv junk-holders say that 's not enough . 
they contend that sci tv 's equity now is UNKNOWN . 
they add that it is n't UNKNOWN kkr anything to give up equity because of its big UNKNOWN cash profit on the buy-out , which they think contributed to sci tv 's current problems . 
kemper , the biggest holder of senior sci tv bonds , has refused to join the UNKNOWN committee and is said to be reviewing its legal options . 
to protect their claims , some junk-holders want kkr and perhaps mr. gillett to invest new money in sci tv , perhaps $ 99 million or more . 
one investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says sci tv needs at least $ 99 million of new equity to survive . 
junk-holders say they have a stick to beat kkr with : `` the threat of bankruptcy is a legitimate UNKNOWN '' to UNKNOWN money from kkr , says one big sci tv holder . 
this could be the first major bankruptcy-law proceeding for kkr , he adds . 
a big UNKNOWN case might UNKNOWN kkr 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of lbos in washington and elsewhere . 
but others say junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting sci tv into bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
while kkr does n't control sci tv which is unusual for a kkr investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than mr. gillett . 
bankruptcy specialists say mr. kravis set a UNKNOWN for putting new money in sour lbos recently when kkr restructured UNKNOWN UNKNOWN furniture , doubling kkr 's equity stake . 
but with UNKNOWN , kkr was only trying to UNKNOWN its original investment , says bankruptcy investor james UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in new york . 
by contrast , kkr probably has already made all the money it can on sci tv . 
and people who know mr. kravis say he is n't in a hurry to UNKNOWN more money into sci tv . 
rubbermaid inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 99 % , to 99 cents a share from 99 cents . 
the maker of household products said the new dividend is payable dec. 9 to shares of record nov. 99 . 
separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to UNKNOWN its 9999 shareholder rights plan , further UNKNOWN the company from takeover . 
rubbermaid officials said they are n't aware of any effort to take over the company , but believed the shareholder plan needed to be strengthened . 
`` the board has stated repeatedly that rubbermaid should be independent , '' said walter w. williams , rubbermaid president . 
some changes to the plan were minor adjustments , but the most significant was an amendment that provides that if any investor holds 99 % or more of rubbermaid 's voting securities , each right held by others would UNKNOWN the holder to buy rubbermaid shares with a market value of twice the right 's exercise price . 
mr. williams said the exercise price is $ 999 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 999 of rubbermaid stock for half price , UNKNOWN the investor 's 99 % stake . 
for the third quarter , rubbermaid earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , up 99 % from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
rubbermaid shares closed yesterday at $ 99.999 , off 99.9 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
the stock market went on a UNKNOWN ride as ual , parent of united airlines , once again led shares into a UNKNOWN decline and then an afternoon comeback . 
at the end of it all , the dow jones industrial average closed down 9.99 to 9999.99 . 
at one point yesterday morning , the dow was down 99.99 points . 
new york stock exchange volume was 999,999,999 shares . 
declining issues UNKNOWN advancers , 9,999 to 999 . 
yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 99 days after the 999-point plunge on friday the 99th , the stock market still has a bad case of UNKNOWN . 
takeover stock speculation and futures-related program trading drove the industrial average through wide ranges . 
and there is more volatility to come . 
`` october 99th left us with a cut and exposed UNKNOWN , '' said jack UNKNOWN , technical analyst for bear stearns . 
`` people are fearful and sensitive . 
everybody 's UNKNOWN is one UNKNOWN closer to the UNKNOWN . 
i have never had as many calls as i had this morning . 
volatility is here to stay . '' 
the dow jones industrial average plunged about 99 points in slightly more than one hour after the opening bell . 
for many , it began to look like a UNKNOWN of oct. 99 . 
as stocks and stock-index futures fell , a trading limit was hit in the s&p 999 stock futures pit . 
under a UNKNOWN crash reform , the chicago mercantile exchange would n't permit the december s&p futures to fall further than 99 points for a half hour . 
that caused a brief period of panic selling of stocks on the big board . 
but at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control . 
they UNKNOWN up hundreds of s&p futures when the market needed it most . 
at about 99:99 a.m. edt , several big buy orders hit the s&p pit simultaneously , UNKNOWN the futures up out of the trading limit and eventually into ranges that caused computer-driven program buying of stocks . 
`` it is very clear that those buy orders came from people who wanted their franchise protected , '' said one chicago-based futures trader . 
`` these guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . '' 
traders said goldman sachs , shearson lehman hutton and salomon brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the UNKNOWN moment . 
shearson lehman hutton declined to comment . 
officials at goldman sachs and salomon brothers were UNKNOWN for comment . 
as in the oct. 99 massacre , yesterday morning 's drop was triggered by bad news for speculators in ual . 
a ual statement after the market closed monday indicated that the airline 's board wanted to keep the company independent , effectively UNKNOWN hopes of an immediate buy-out . 
five minutes before the big board opened , a preliminary price was UNKNOWN for ual -- somewhere between 999 and 999 , a loss of as much as $ 99 a share from monday 's close . 
ual finally opened for trading at 99:99 a.m. at 999 , down $ 99 . 
floor traders said there was a huge crowd around the big board specialist 's post where ual trades . 
`` there was a UNKNOWN mass of people , '' said one floor trader . 
`` then there was a big liquidation of stock '' across the board , he added . 
takeover speculators -- who have already taken a record loss estimated at more than $ 999 million on ual -- started selling other stocks as well as s&p futures in an attempt to hedge against a further ual blood UNKNOWN . 
shortly after the ual opening , program traders started selling stocks in the major market index and s&p 999 index . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the dow jones industrial average . 
by 99:99 a.m. the dow was down 99.99 . 
all UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN except exxon , general motors and sears were down $ 9 to $ 9 . 
at 99:99 , when the s&p 999 december futures contract UNKNOWN to a 99-point loss under the force of sell programs , s&p futures trading was halted and program trades on the big board were UNKNOWN into a special computer that UNKNOWN for order imbalances . 
under the rules adopted by the chicago mercantile exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures . 
at this point , the dow industrials were down 99.99 points and falling . 
the trading halt in the s&p 999 futures UNKNOWN selling and confusion , many traders maintain . 
but as the UNKNOWN began to spread through the s&p pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively . 
`` it was UNKNOWN ! '' said one futures trader . 
in five minutes , the dow industrials climbed almost 99 points . 
the big futures buying triggered stock-index buy programs that eventually trimmed the dow 's loss to 99 points by 99 a.m . 
traders said the futures buying was UNKNOWN calculated by program traders . 
these firms sold stock into the big morning decline , but seeing the UNKNOWN of the market 's drop , held back on their offsetting purchases of futures until the s&p futures hit the trading limit . 
then they completed the other side of the trade by buying futures , which abruptly halted the stock market 's decline as traders began to buy stocks . 
from then on , the dow industrials held at a loss of 99 to 99 points . 
then , in UNKNOWN trading , UNKNOWN buy orders for ual hit the market , including a UNKNOWN order through bear stearns that seemed to spark ual 's late price surge . 
almost simultaneously , painewebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks . 
the combined buying rallied the dow into a small gain , before closing at a slight loss . 
some institutional traders loved the wild ride . 
`` this is fun , '' asserted susan del UNKNOWN , head equity trader at travelers investment management co . 
she said she used the market 's wild swings to buy shares UNKNOWN on the sell-off . 
on the comeback , ms. del UNKNOWN UNKNOWN shares she has been UNKNOWN to get rid of . 
but traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were UNKNOWN . 
`` this market is eating away my youth , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head equity trader at kleinwort benson north america inc . 
`` credibility sounds UNKNOWN . 
but i think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment . 
but if you UNKNOWN all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still . '' 
traders attributed rallies in a number of stocks to a japanese buy program that painewebber carried out as part of a shift in portfolio strategy , according to dow jones professional investor report . 
dow jones climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 on very heavy volume of 999,999 shares . 
analysts said a big japanese buy order was behind the rise . 
a dow jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity . 
other issues said to be included in the buy program were procter & gamble , which rose 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 ; atlantic richfield , which gained 9 to 999 9\/9 , and rockwell international , which jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
painewebber declined to comment . 
ual finished at 999 , off 9 9\/9 . 
other airline stocks fell in response to the ual board 's decision to remain independent for now , including usair group , which separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 9.99 a share compared with a year-ago profit . 
usair fell 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
amr , the parent of american airlines , fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares ; delta air lines lost 9 9\/9 to 99 , southwest airlines slid 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN airlines dropped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
texas air , which owns continental and eastern airlines , lost 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on the american stock exchange . 
metals stocks also were especially weak , as concerns about the earnings outlook for cyclical companies weighed on the group . 
aluminum co. of america dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN dodge fell 9 to 99 9\/9 , asarco lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , reynolds metals slid 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN minerals skidded 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was an exception , as it gained 9 9\/9 to 99 on two million shares . 
goodyear tire & rubber tumbled 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago , but fell short of expectations . 
other stocks in the dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included united technologies , which dropped 9 to 99 9\/9 , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN steel , which fell 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
bankamerica dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the san francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building . 
the company denied the rumors and noted that it does n't own the building . 
stocks of UNKNOWN thrifts also were hard hit . 
great western financial lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares , golden west financial dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and h.f. ahmanson dipped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
homefed plunged 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 ; its third-quarter earnings were down from a year ago . 
golden valley UNKNOWN foods skidded 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after warning that its fourth-quarter results could be hurt by `` some fairly large international marketing expenses . '' 
UNKNOWN trading UNKNOWN volume in two issues : security pacific , which fell 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and led the big board 's most UNKNOWN list on composite volume of 99.9 million shares , and UNKNOWN industries , which lost 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
both stocks have dividend yields of about 9 % and will go UNKNOWN wednesday . 
UNKNOWN surged 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
donaldson , lufkin & jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues . 
the company noted that its third-quarter results should be released later this week or early next week . 
vista chemical rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after bear stearns added the stock to the firm 's buy list , citing recent price weakness . 
georgia gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 9 to 99 9\/9 ; dallas investor harold simmons , who holds about 99 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake . 
norfolk southern went up 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company 's board approved the repurchase of up to 99 million common shares , or about 99 % of its shares outstanding , through the end of 9999 . 
UNKNOWN freight climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations . 
john UNKNOWN , which will replace american medical international on the s&p 999 following wednesday 's close , gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the amex market value index fell 9.99 to 999.99 . 
volume totaled 99,999,999 shares . 
UNKNOWN co. raised its quarterly dividend 99 % to 99 cents a share from 99 cents , payable jan. 9 , 9999 , to shares of record dec. 9 , 9999 . 
the action increases the annual dividend to $ 9.99 a share from $ 9.99 . 
this is the UNKNOWN year in which the washington media company has increased dividends . 
UNKNOWN 's third-quarter earnings rose 99 % to 99 cents a share from 99 cents in the year-ago period . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
UNKNOWN has 999 million shares outstanding . 
fireman 's fund corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 99 % to $ 9.9 million from last year 's $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , because of UNKNOWN of hurricane hugo and increased reserves for legal expenses . 
UNKNOWN of preferred dividends resulted in a net loss of five cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
revenue edged up 9.9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999 million in last year 's third quarter . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , fireman 's closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99 cents . 
impact of the oct. 99 san francisco earthquake , which will be recorded in the fourth quarter , is n't expected to exceed $ 99 million after taxes , the company added . 
for the nine months , the insurance company said net fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , the previous year . 
revenue slid 9 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion a year earlier . 
fireman 's fund UNKNOWN subsidiaries reported a 999.9 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 999.9 % for the year-ago period . 
hurricane hugo accounted for about $ 99 million in pretax third-quarter losses , net of reinsurance UNKNOWN . 
the company said there was an additional increase in loss and UNKNOWN reserves of $ 99 million reflecting `` higher than expected '' development in claims legal expenses from to prior periods . 
for the third quarter , net premiums were $ 999 million , up 9.9 % from $ 999 million in last year 's quarter , because of the expiration of the national UNKNOWN quota share reinsurance agreement . 
net premiums written through sept. 99 fell 9 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said . 
third-quarter and nine-month results do n't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the california department of insurance under UNKNOWN 999 . 
fireman 's fund said it has applied for an exemption from these rate UNKNOWN , and plans to defend its filing in hearings before the department . 
control data corp. said it is offering to purchase the $ 999.9 million amount of its 99 9\/9 % senior notes due june 99 , 9999 , at par , plus accrued interest to the dec. 9 purchase date . 
the minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note UNKNOWN as a result of control data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , UNKNOWN , to seagate technology inc . 
child 's game 
there was very slow play on the market today , they were selling and buying by UNKNOWN ; instead of trading like bears and UNKNOWN , they UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
-- george o. UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 
i 've learned one thing from candidates , a technique so UNKNOWN done : if a question ca n't be UNKNOWN , strongly answer an UNKNOWN one ! 
-- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 
we need to get a space platform set up soon -- just in case we want to step out for a UNKNOWN of fresh air . 
-- UNKNOWN ball . 
after being UNKNOWN by a volatile stock market , treasury bonds closed higher . 
but junk bonds took more hits . 
early in the day , bond dealers said trading volume was heavy as large institutional investors scrambled to buy long-term treasury bonds on speculation that the stock market 's volatility would lead to a `` UNKNOWN '' rally . 
that happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe . 
`` some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the UNKNOWN before it was too late , '' said sung won UNKNOWN , chief economist at UNKNOWN corp. , minneapolis . 
at one point , the dow jones industrial average fell about 99 points on news that ual corp. decided to remain independent . 
in response , treasury prices soared 9 9\/9 points , or about $ 99.99 for each $ 9,999 face amount . 
but the gains in treasury bonds were UNKNOWN as stocks staged a partial recovery . 
the industrial average ended at 9999.99 , down 9.99 points . 
economists said the bond market 's strength also is a sign that investors expect the federal reserve to cut interest rates amid growing evidence that the economy is slowing . 
while they do n't expect the fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
yesterday , for example , the commerce department reported that new orders for durable goods fell 9.9 % , while the nation 's auto makers reported lackluster mid-october sales . 
the treasury 's 99-year bond ended over 9\/9 point higher . 
municipal , mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose 9\/9 to 9\/9 point . 
but high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 9\/9 to 9\/9 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered . 
according to a trader at drexel burnham lambert inc. , the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by rjr holdings capital corp. , which are the UNKNOWN to sell . 
rjr 's 99.99 % bonds due 9999 fell 9 9\/9 points . 
trading activity in the junk market was extremely light as dealers could n't find enough buyers to match sellers . 
`` while the stock market was falling , most { junk bond holders } were just watching it not knowing what to do , '' said paul UNKNOWN , director of fixed-income securities at oppenheimer management corp . 
`` it was like driving down the highway watching a UNKNOWN . 
everybody was UNKNOWN . '' 
adding to the junk market 's UNKNOWN were reports that donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities corp. is having trouble UNKNOWN a $ 9.9 billion offering for tw food services inc. and will UNKNOWN or even UNKNOWN the issue . 
tw is the largest franchisee of UNKNOWN 's , a fast-food restaurant , and operates several other food chains . 
donaldson lufkin would n't comment . 
credit analysts said investors are nervous about the issue because they say the company 's ability to meet debt payments is dependent on too many UNKNOWN , including the sale of assets and the need to mortgage property to retire some existing debt . 
also , the tw offering includes UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN securities , which are currently UNKNOWN . 
meanwhile , investors turned a cold shoulder to the treasury 's sale of $ 99 billion of new two-year notes yesterday . 
`` it 's not too surprising that the auction was UNKNOWN , given the volatility in the bond market because of stocks , '' said robert t. UNKNOWN , a senior vice president at UNKNOWN bank ltd . 
`` people are looking past supply to lower interest rates , but they 're also worried about being UNKNOWN by the volatility in the stock market . '' 
the new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 9.99 % . 
that was higher than the 9.99 % to 9.99 % average yield that traders had expected . 
in when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 9.99 % . 
sluggish demand was also UNKNOWN by the weak UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ratio , which was lower than the average UNKNOWN ratio at the last 99 similar auctions . 
the ratio , which reflects the number of bids the treasury receives for each bid accepted , is used to gauge investor demand . 
dealers said players UNKNOWN away from the note sale because they were concerned that prices at the time of the auction might UNKNOWN if the stock market staged a recovery , which , in fact , did happen . 
individual and japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers . 
`` interest by japanese investors was limited , '' said michael UNKNOWN , chief economist at daiwa securities america inc . 
`` they are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as UNKNOWN . '' 
however , mr. UNKNOWN added that the japanese generally have a positive view of the u.s. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
he said , `` possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the ( quarterly ) refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the treasury . 
a trader at a japanese firm estimated that the japanese purchased no more than 99 % of the two-year notes . 
treasury , agency securities 
today investors will focus on the UNKNOWN auction of $ 9.9 billion of 99-year bonds by resolution funding corp . 
the initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand . 
a small yield premium over comparable treasurys and a lack of liquidity is UNKNOWN dealers ' efforts to UNKNOWN up interest in the so-called bailout bonds . 
in when-issued trading , the refcorp bonds were quoted at a price to yield 9.99 % . 
yesterday , the benchmark 99-year bond was quoted late at 999 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % , compared with 999 9\/99 to yield 9.99 % on monday . 
the latest 99-year treasury was quoted at 999 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % , compared with 999 99\/99 to yield 9.9 % . 
short-term rates were unchanged to slightly lower . 
the discount rate on three-month treasury bills was quoted at 9.99 % for a UNKNOWN yield of 9.99 % , while the rate on six-month treasury bills was quoted at 9.99 % for a yield of 9.99 % . 
rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
thus , higher bidding UNKNOWN the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
corporate issues 
several blue-chip companies UNKNOWN the new-issue market yesterday to take advantage of falling interest rates . 
three of the largest offerings , by exxon capital corp. , xerox corp. and citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by salomon brothers inc . 
exxon capital , UNKNOWN to be a potential debt issuer , offered $ 999 million of 99-year notes priced to yield 9.99 % . 
citicorp issued $ 999 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 9.99 % , and xerox priced $ 999 million of UNKNOWN notes to yield 9.99 % . 
meanwhile , international business machines corp. UNKNOWN the way for a visit to the credit markets by filing a shelf registration with the securities and exchange commission for $ 999 million in new debt . 
this is in addition to ibm 's existing shelf registration under which $ 999 million in debt securities are available for issuance . 
in secondary trading , investment-grade corporate bonds ended 9\/9 to 9\/9 higher . 
municipals 
actively traded municipal bonds ended 9\/9 to 9\/9 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply . 
new jersey UNKNOWN authority 's 9.99 % issue of 9999 finished 9\/9 point stronger at 99 9\/9 bid , to yield 9.99 % . 
traders said municipals were UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN including the climb in treasury issue prices . 
also , municipal bonds UNKNOWN buying because the stock market remains UNKNOWN , traders contended . 
mainly , though , it was a favorable outlook for yesterday 's new supply that UNKNOWN up municipals , some traders said . 
among the new issues was massachusetts 's $ 999 million of general obligation bonds . 
the bonds were won by a goldman , sachs & co. group with a true interest cost of 9.99 % . 
they were priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
the massachusetts deal had an UNKNOWN balance of $ 99.9 million in late trading , the underwriter said . 
mortgage - , asset-backed securities 
mortgage securities gained 9\/99 to 9\/99 point after a UNKNOWN session , with government national mortgage association 9 % securities as the UNKNOWN issue . 
the ginnie mae issue rose amid talk of large purchases of the securities by institutional investors . 
the derivative markets remained active as one new issue was priced and talk circulated about more offerings in the next day or two . 
the federal home loan mortgage corp. issued a $ 999 million real estate mortgage investment UNKNOWN backed by its 9 9\/9 % securities . 
in the asset-backed market , a big offering of ford motor credit corp . UNKNOWN securities was increased in size after strong institutional demand . 
the deal by the ford motor co. unit , priced monday , was increased to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
among major UNKNOWN issues , ginnie mae 9 % securities for november delivery ended at 99 99\/99 , up 9\/99 , after UNKNOWN an early high of 99 99\/99 ; 9 % securities were at 99 9\/99 , up 9\/99 ; 9 9\/9 % securities at 999 99\/99 , up 9\/99 ; and 99 % securities at 999 99\/99 , up 9\/99 . 
freddie mac 9 % securities were at 99 99\/99 , up 9\/99 . 
the ginnie mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.99 % to a 99-year average life assumption , as the spread above the treasury 99-year note held at 9.99 percentage points . 
foreign bonds 
the UNKNOWN bond market UNKNOWN to life late in the european trading session after the dow jones industrial average tumbled . 
UNKNOWN bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars . 
the bonds ended about 9\/9 point higher yesterday . 
prices of european government bonds also rose as u.s. stocks declined . 
west germany 's 9 % issue due october 9999 rose 9.99 point to 99.99 to yield 9.99 % , while the 9 9\/9 % issue due july 9999 rose 9.99 to 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
britain 's 99 9\/9 % treasury bond due UNKNOWN rose 99\/99 to 999 9\/99 to yield 99.99 % , while the 99 % notes due 9999 rose 99\/99 to 999 9\/99 to yield 99.99 % . 
in japan , government bond prices fell . 
the no. 999 9.9 % bond due 9999 ended on brokers ' screens at 99.99 , down 9.99 point , to yield 9.99 % . 
UNKNOWN bancorp inc. , UNKNOWN , n.y. , said it increased its regular quarterly dividend 99 % , to 99 cents a share from 99 cents . 
it is payable dec. 99 to stock of record nov. 99 . 
the move was made because of the bank-holding company 's increased profitability , officials said . 
in the third quarter , UNKNOWN earned $ 9 million , up from $ 9.9 million a year earlier . 
in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.99 , up 99.9 cents . 
UNKNOWN has 9.9 million shares outstanding . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. 's board said that it has removed thomas r. UNKNOWN as president and chief executive officer and that john r. wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer . 
mr. UNKNOWN has been involved in a dispute with the board since august , when he ousted all the directors . 
later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection . 
a federal judge turned down the chapter 99 UNKNOWN . 
the company 's latest announcement said mr. UNKNOWN will remain a director of UNKNOWN , a maker of products for UNKNOWN surgery . 
mr. wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement . 
mr. UNKNOWN could n't be reached . 
the UNKNOWN board also said that john r. ford resigned as a director , and that mr. wolf was named a member of the board . 
east UNKNOWN krenz warned against further pro-democracy protests . 
after the legislature confirmed him as the communist party leader , krenz said UNKNOWN to demand democratic UNKNOWN could cause a `` worsening of the situation , or confrontation . '' 
he also UNKNOWN east germany 's UNKNOWN to communist UNKNOWN . 
but as many as 99,999 people UNKNOWN in east berlin after the speech to protest his election . 
during the UNKNOWN , 99 members of the UNKNOWN parliament voted against krenz , a move considered unprecedented in the country 's 99-year history . 
officials in east berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in UNKNOWN protesters this month . 
the iran-contra judge agreed to allow UNKNOWN to subpoena the personal papers of UNKNOWN reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
but the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from bush . 
san francisco bay area officials said nine people remain missing in the aftermath of last week 's earthquake . 
the death toll rose to 99 . 
the house , meanwhile , approved $ 9.99 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from hurricane hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary UNKNOWN increase . 
u.s. officials expressed skepticism over an israeli effort to show the plo continues to practice terrorism . 
israel provided the state department with a list of recent alleged terrorist incidents attributed to forces controlled by arafat , but the u.s. said it was n't satisfied that the incidents UNKNOWN terrorism . 
tv UNKNOWN jim UNKNOWN was sentenced to 99 years in prison and fined $ 999,999 for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of his UNKNOWN ministry . 
UNKNOWN , who was immediately taken into UNKNOWN , was convicted oct. 9 by a federal court jury in charlotte , n.c. , of fraud and conspiracy for UNKNOWN more than $ 9.9 million of ministry funds for personal use . 
lawmakers in moscow voted to deny the communist party its 999 guaranteed seats in the soviet congress , meaning gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters . 
in warsaw , shevardnadze held his first talks with the UNKNOWN government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies . 
poland 's premier is to visit moscow next month . 
the arab league pledged an accord for a complete syrian troop UNKNOWN from lebanon , where about 99,999 people UNKNOWN to the headquarters of christian leader aoun to support his rejection of a peace plan approved sunday by lebanon 's legislature . 
the plan lacked a withdrawal UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN renewed an offer to trade their UNKNOWN in lebanon for at least 99 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN jailed in kuwait . 
the statement by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which holds at least two u.s. UNKNOWN , was accompanied by a UNKNOWN of associated press UNKNOWN terry anderson , UNKNOWN held of 99 western UNKNOWN . 
the treasury department said UNKNOWN reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites . 
the department 's office of thrift supervision said that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are UNKNOWN , but conceded that it does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
emergency crews UNKNOWN through the UNKNOWN rubble of a phillips petroleum co. plastics plant near pasadena , texas , where a series of explosions monday killed at least two people and injured 999 . 
company officials said 99 workers were missing and UNKNOWN dead . 
safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the UNKNOWN . 
nato defense ministers opened a two-day meeting in portugal to assess the alliance 's UNKNOWN needs amid reduced UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the ministers ordered a study on the strategic role of nuclear arms in western europe once soviet conventional weapons are reduced in the east bloc . 
the justice department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
the guidelines , which discourage prosecutors from seeking court orders UNKNOWN the assets of certain racketeering defendants prior to trial , were first disclosed this week . 
died : s. clark UNKNOWN , 99 , UNKNOWN and chief executive officer of bank of america UNKNOWN , saturday , in UNKNOWN , calif . 
stock prices UNKNOWN wildly as the market reacted to an initial plunge by ual shares , followed by a sharp rebound in the afternoon . 
the dow jones industrials , down over 99 points in the morning , closed off 9.99 , at 9999.99 . 
bond prices surged in reaction to the sell-off in stocks , then eased slightly during the afternoon recovery . 
the dollar finished lower . 
ual 's stock UNKNOWN most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent . 
the stock closed down $ 9.999 , at $ 999 , after plunging $ 99 , to $ 999 . 
ford may seek all of jaguar , setting the stage for a possible bidding war with gm . 
jaguar has been discussing an alliance with gm , but ford 's move may UNKNOWN the talks . 
car and truck sales slid 99.9 % in mid-october as u.s. manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier in the year . 
general motors continued to be hardest hit . 
durable goods orders slipped 9.9 % in september , reflecting weakening auto demand after a UNKNOWN of orders for new 9999 models . 
excluding transportation items , orders rose 9.9 % . 
norfolk southern 's board approved a buy-back of up to 99 million shares , valued at over $ 9.9 billion . 
the repurchase , coupled with an earlier UNKNOWN , will reduce the firm 's shares outstanding by over 99 % . 
ps new hampshire received a sweetened $ 9.99 billion offer from northeast utilities , likely UNKNOWN a new round of bidding for the utility . 
ge executives were accused by u.s. prosecutors of providing `` misleading and false '' data to the pentagon in 9999 to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices . 
texaco said profit rose 99 % in the quarter , partly due to a massive restructuring . 
sun posted a gain . 
mobil , shell and chevron had declines . 
mobil is preparing to slash its work force in the u.s. , possibly as soon as next month , sources said . 
sears posted a 99 % drop in third-quarter profit as u.s. retail operations recorded the first loss in over five years . 
the results show sears is struggling to attract shoppers . 
digital equipment announced its first mainframe computers , targeting ibm 's largest market and heating up the industry 's biggest UNKNOWN . 
cray research expects supercomputer sales to be flat next year , the latest in a series of negative announcements by the company . 
short interest increased 9 % in the nasdaq over-the-counter market for the month ended oct. 99 . 
salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities . 
procter & gamble 's profit surged 99 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas . 
goodyear 's profit rose 99 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business . 
markets -- 
stocks : volume 999,999,999 shares . 
dow jones industrials 9999.99 , off 9.99 ; transportation 9999.99 , off 99.99 ; utilities 999.99 , off 9.99 . 
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 9999.99 , up 
commodities : dow jones futures index 999.99 , off 9.99 ; spot index 999.99 , off 9.99 . 
dollar : 999.99 yen , off 9.99 ; 9.9999 marks , off 9.9999 . 
genetic UNKNOWN spotted in UNKNOWN embryo 
researchers UNKNOWN a genetic UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN mouse embryo in an experiment directly UNKNOWN to humans . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of genetic defects as early as the sixth week of pregnancy is increasingly common today . 
but the mouse experiment at a medical research council laboratory in london shows genetic defects can be detected three days after UNKNOWN using a new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN technique . 
the experiment , UNKNOWN to many genetic disorders , involved UNKNOWN , a severe blood UNKNOWN resulting from a missing UNKNOWN gene . 
it 's an UNKNOWN human UNKNOWN that 's been UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . 
in the experiment , UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN gene were UNKNOWN . 
three days later , before the new embryo had become UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN , it was UNKNOWN out of the mother mouse . 
the embryo had UNKNOWN only to a UNKNOWN of eight UNKNOWN cells . 
one cell was UNKNOWN out , and its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
using the new technique developed by UNKNOWN corp. , called the UNKNOWN chain reaction , the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of UNKNOWN that ordinarily contains the UNKNOWN gene , providing enough copies to test . 
a genetic probe showed the UNKNOWN gene was missing , the researchers report in the medical journal UNKNOWN . 
in the report , two UNKNOWN UNKNOWN suggest such embryo UNKNOWN can be used by couples at high risk of passing a genetic UNKNOWN to a child . 
for example , UNKNOWN couples who have the woman 's eggs UNKNOWN in the test tube usually have several eggs UNKNOWN at a time . 
when the UNKNOWN cells UNKNOWN to eight cells , a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects . 
a healthy embryo can be picked for UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN ones discarded . 
or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after UNKNOWN and returned if healthy , or discarded if not . 
yeast adapted to make UNKNOWN drugs 
an oil company finds a sideline in the UNKNOWN world of yeast . 
in the early 9999s , when the `` world food crisis '' was a major worry , phillips petroleum co. , like several other big companies , began developing `` UNKNOWN protein , '' UNKNOWN protein made by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN materials . 
phillips found and improved a yeast , `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' which made protein from natural UNKNOWN alcohol . 
it also could convert UNKNOWN from farm UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN protein . 
UNKNOWN protein never UNKNOWN out , and most companies abandoned such research . 
but phillips UNKNOWN , calling in scientists from the UNKNOWN institute . 
they 've now adapted the yeast to making UNKNOWN engineered drugs . 
like the bacteria used by genetic engineers , the yeast can take in human UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN out human proteins for medical use . 
but the yeast genetic apparatus is more like that of animals than the UNKNOWN genetic apparatus . 
thus , the proteins from the yeast are UNKNOWN more like human proteins than those from bacteria . 
the oil company claims its yeast system also is better than bacteria at UNKNOWN production of UNKNOWN engineered drugs . 
chiron corp. , an UNKNOWN , calif. , biotechnology firm , is seeing if the phillips yeast can be used to make its UNKNOWN engineered human proteins . 
UNKNOWN inside arteries from outside the body 
UNKNOWN blood vessels without UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into the body may come out of research at at&t bell laboratories . 
UNKNOWN , heart attacks , leg UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) and other problems stem from UNKNOWN of the arteries by UNKNOWN deposits . 
at present , doctors can see how badly an artery is UNKNOWN only by UNKNOWN a thin UNKNOWN into the artery and UNKNOWN a fluid that makes the arteries visible on x-rays . 
a UNKNOWN method is being UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN lynn UNKNOWN at the at&t unit . 
it relies on the fact that certain atoms give off UNKNOWN signals when UNKNOWN to an intense magnetic field . 
it 's the same phenomenon used in the new UNKNOWN ( magnetic UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) UNKNOWN being used in hospitals in place of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in the bell UNKNOWN experiments , an UNKNOWN of machine , UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN via an UNKNOWN , rapidly UNKNOWN a magnetic field on and off as blood UNKNOWN a certain point in a UNKNOWN . 
the rapidly UNKNOWN return signals from UNKNOWN hydrogen atoms in the blood give a `` UNKNOWN '' movie of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , ( like the `` UNKNOWN '' seen in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN when a UNKNOWN light is UNKNOWN ) . 
the scientists have UNKNOWN on the tiny neck arteries of UNKNOWN . 
they 've been able to measure the UNKNOWN movements of the artery wall as the UNKNOWN heart raises and UNKNOWN the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in nature , a scientific journal . 
they now are UNKNOWN with measuring blood flow . 
the ultimate hope is that the technique could identify UNKNOWN vessels . 
odds and ends 
tests on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN indicate ancient wood fires did n't produce UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN a theory the two UNKNOWN today are coming from wood burning , general electric co. reports in environmental science & technology magazine ... . 
almost 99 % of UNKNOWN men have an UNKNOWN sense of UNKNOWN vs. fewer than 99 % of UNKNOWN women , reports the american journal of UNKNOWN . 
the justice department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 9.9 million from a meredith corp. unit on charges that the company UNKNOWN the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
the suit , filed in federal trial court in des UNKNOWN , iowa , where meredith is based , alleges that the diversified media company 's relocation unit UNKNOWN the government by UNKNOWN the value of government employees ' homes . 
the government contract required meredith relocation corp. to purchase employees ' homes based on independent UNKNOWN . 
the justice department alleges that the company `` engaged in various forms of UNKNOWN '' with the goal of reducing the UNKNOWN value of employees ' homes . 
in the suit , the department seeks to recover $ 9.9 million in costs incurred when the government terminated its contract with meredith relocation and sought other contracts to replace it . 
the department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , plus penalties . '' 
officials with meredith did n't have any immediate comment on the suit . 
lloyd 's of london said it plans to UNKNOWN down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the UNKNOWN three years . 
underwriting syndicates at lloyd 's , the world 's largest insurance market , generally do n't close their accounts for three years , to allow for the filing of claims and litigation . 
when such claims and litigation extend beyond the period , the syndicates can extend their accounting UNKNOWN . 
lloyd 's said there are currently 999 open account years involving 99 of the market 's roughly 999 syndicates . 
the UNKNOWN accounting practice `` is widely recognized within lloyd 's as of serious concern '' to the 99,999 member investors , who underwrite insurance at lloyd 's in return for premium and investment income , lloyd 's said . 
the procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , lloyd 's said . 
as a result , the insurance market plans new measures to restrict the ability of syndicate officials to leave years open . 
lloyd 's said it expects to enact new rules UNKNOWN the changes by year end . 
under the new rules , the officials will have to secure additional information and reports from UNKNOWN , including an assessment of whether officials have acted reasonably . 
in addition , officials will have to get UNKNOWN for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals from other syndicate directors . 
computer associates international inc. reported earnings for the second quarter , ended sept. 99 , plummeted 99 % , primarily because of the acquisition of UNKNOWN software inc . 
the nation 's largest software company earned $ 9.9 million , or five cents a share , compared with $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the drop in earnings had been anticipated by most wall street analysts , but the results were reported after the market closed . 
computer associates closed at $ 99.999 , down 99 cents , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
anthony wang , president , attributed the drop to the disruption of the company 's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring UNKNOWN . 
the acquisition was completed in september . 
in august , the company warned investors that the acquisition was being delayed , and many customers were holding off on purchase decisions until the takeover was completed . 
the delays mainly affected sales of data base management products , a core area for both computer associates and UNKNOWN , as well as sales of other products as part of package sales . 
residents of this city soon will be seeing ads urging them to visit `` cleveland 's UNKNOWN museum '' -- lake view cemetery . 
despite such famous tenants as oil UNKNOWN john d. rockefeller , lake view cemetery has fallen on hard times . 
so the inner-city UNKNOWN ground is trying to UNKNOWN itself with a television advertising campaign . 
the ads UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of some of lake view 's residents . 
a spot UNKNOWN bill white , the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN gum , shows a woman trying to UNKNOWN her UNKNOWN shoe from a UNKNOWN of gum . 
another UNKNOWN on charles brush , the first person to light a city UNKNOWN . 
it shows a boy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at a street UNKNOWN . 
street lights , the ad points out , `` helped UNKNOWN the arm of many a UNKNOWN baseball player . '' 
cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN fund contributions . 
lake view had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN cemetery . 
the private , non-profit cemetery has had trouble competing against its UNKNOWN counterparts , which use direct mail and other advertising to sell lots . 
`` we do n't want to be known as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' says william garrison , lake view 's president . 
`` we want people to think of lake view as an historical park and educational experience ... . 
a UNKNOWN place to come and spend a few hours . '' 
not all of the cemetery 's UNKNOWN tenants lend themselves to the promotional job at hand , however . 
for example , president james a. UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN here , the victim of an assassination in 9999 . 
( mr. garrison notes , however , that the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is one of the nation 's premier UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN architecture . ) 
mr. rockefeller , buried beneath a UNKNOWN granite UNKNOWN , did n't seem right for an ad either . 
the oil UNKNOWN , who spent his later years passing out UNKNOWN to counter his UNKNOWN image , `` is n't UNKNOWN amusing , '' says barry UNKNOWN , creative director at UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , ohio , which is producing the ads . 
but there are plenty of other promising prospects at lake view , UNKNOWN believe : ernest ball , for instance , who wrote `` when UNKNOWN eyes are UNKNOWN , '' and UNKNOWN morgan , the UNKNOWN of the gas UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN traffic light . 
euro UNKNOWN shares made a debut like snow white yesterday while most of the london stock market looked like it had UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN queen 's UNKNOWN apple . 
in its first day of when-issued trading here , euro disney soared like UNKNOWN to close at 999 pence ( $ 99.99 ) , up 99 % from its UNKNOWN offering price . 
the overall london market , following wall street 's early UNKNOWN , took a late UNKNOWN . 
the financial times-stock exchange 999-share index plummeted 99.9 points to close at 9999.9 . 
traders credited euro disney 's share performance to the tremendous UNKNOWN of the project that the shares are UNKNOWN to help finance : walt disney co. 's UNKNOWN theme park 99 miles east of paris . 
the park is slated to open in 9999 . 
`` the issue was very UNKNOWN -- disney is such a well-known , you can say world-wide , name , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head trader of european equities at kleinwort benson ltd. , which is making a market in the issue . 
mr. UNKNOWN estimated that the issue 's london debut was accompanied by `` very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares . '' 
most of the buying was institutional , he added . 
official trading in the shares will start in london , paris and brussels on nov. 9 , when the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 9 billion , comes to market in the european community . 
u.s. investors will be permitted to buy the shares from ec investors 99 days later . 
because of the interest connected with the issue , the london exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially UNKNOWN when-issued market . 
a volatile , UNKNOWN `` gray '' market in the shares has been operating in paris for about two weeks . 
in contrast to the london performance , euro disney there closed down three francs yesterday , at 99 9\/9 francs ( $ 99.99 ) bid , but still about 99 % over the UNKNOWN offering price . 
`` a lot of people are getting hurt on this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' cautioned UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a london-based salomon brothers international ltd. trader who makes a market in UNKNOWN euro disney shares . 
`` there should be no great rush for investors to buy this . 
a lot of big european banks , mostly french , and swiss UNKNOWN accounts have been buying the stock just to UNKNOWN it '' for a quick profit , he said . 
albert fried jr. , a 99-year-old director and holder of a 9.9 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries . 
he succeeds UNKNOWN white jr. , 99 , who resigned but continues as a director . 
mr. fried also is the managing partner of albert fried & co . 
ford motor co. UNKNOWN its battle with general motors corp. over jaguar plc by saying it is prepared to make a bid for all of the british auto maker when restrictions on its UNKNOWN are lifted . 
the statement was part of a ford filing with the u.s. securities and exchange commission . 
ford did n't say how much it might offer for jaguar , or when . 
the british government currently UNKNOWN any outside investor from holding more than 99 % of the company 's shares without permission until dec. 99 , 
but with its stake in jaguar , which it raised yesterday to 99.99 % , ford could UNKNOWN a special jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the UNKNOWN sooner . 
a successful vote would put pressure on the british government to lift the UNKNOWN . 
`` we have not made that decision '' to seek a jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a ford spokesman in london . 
he UNKNOWN that the car maker only would bid for all of jaguar under the right circumstances , and said `` those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment . '' 
last month , ford announced plans to acquire as much as 99 % of jaguar . 
since then , jaguar officials have confirmed that they are discussing an alliance with gm and said last week that they hoped to reach an agreement within a month . 
analysts have been expecting a UNKNOWN pact that would give the u.s. car maker an eventual 99 % stake in the british company and create joint ventures that would produce an UNKNOWN range of cars . 
but the specter of ford eventually launching a UNKNOWN bid could UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN talks . 
jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving gm a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , `` it would n't surprise me if { jaguar executives } want to wait and see what the color of that { ford bid } is '' first . 
he predicted ford officials will meet with jaguar executives in the next week to UNKNOWN their proposed offer . 
sir john UNKNOWN , jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with ford officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal . 
as for gm , its `` UNKNOWN position has to be a full bid itself , '' said stephen UNKNOWN , european UNKNOWN analyst at london brokers UNKNOWN & drew . 
a ford takeover of jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 9999s that general motors ca n't afford to step aside . 
they will have to throw their hat in the ring . '' 
a gm spokesman yesterday UNKNOWN the company 's interest in acquiring a minority stake to help jaguar remain independent . 
a pitched battle could mean jaguar would fetch # 99 ( $ 99.99 ) a share , or about # 9.9 billion ( $ 9.99 billion ) , several analysts believe . 
the prospect of such a takeover fight has sent jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks . 
u.s. takeover-stock speculators now own an estimated 99 % of jaguar shares . 
in a declining london stock market yesterday , jaguar shares were down four pence from monday in late trading , at 999 pence ( $ 99.99 ) a share . 
in the u.s. , jaguar 's american depositary receipts rose 99.9 cents in over-the-counter trading , to $ 99.99 . 
both ford and gm badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition from the japanese in the european and u.s. markets . 
and financially strapped jaguar has spent over a year looking for a rich uncle to provide cash and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the company has expressed a preference for gm over ford because gm has promised it would keep jaguar independent . 
ford 's need to acquire some or all of jaguar became more UNKNOWN last week when it abandoned a four-year effort to market its UNKNOWN merkur scorpio sedan as a european luxury import in the u.s. . 
then , last friday , ford 's talks about a possible alliance with saab-scania ab of sweden collapsed . 
gm 's interest in jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the u.s. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market . 
its UNKNOWN line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks jaguar 's UNKNOWN . 
gm officials also see a lot of potential in UNKNOWN jaguar 's cars to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of group lotus plc , a british engineering and specialty car maker gm bought in 9999 . 
texaco inc. reported an 99 % increase in third-quarter earnings , which it attributed partly to the company 's massive restructuring after it emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings 99 months ago . 
sun co. also reported higher earnings . 
meanwhile , like many other oil companies hurt by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN businesses , mobil corp. , shell oil co. and chevron corp. reported lower quarterly earnings . 
texaco 
texaco 's exploration and production earnings improved as a result of its UNKNOWN of those operations as it sold many of its marginal producing properties over the past 99 months . 
an increase in production at some major oil fields in the north sea , which had been knocked out by an explosion in july 9999 , also aided results . 
the sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to saudi arabia helped UNKNOWN the decline in earnings from that business . 
`` the company has been completely UNKNOWN , '' said frank UNKNOWN , analyst for prudential-bache securities inc . 
third-quarter net income at texaco rose to $ 999 million from $ 999 million last year . 
revenue declined 9.9 % , to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
per-share earnings declined to $ 9.99 a share from $ 9.99 a share , largely because of 99 million additional shares issued to retire $ 9 billion of debt . 
per-share earnings also UNKNOWN because of dividends on a new series of preferred stock . 
sun sun co. 's net income climbed 99 % to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue increased 99 % , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
sun said some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil UNKNOWN operation of UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN canadian subsidiary . 
chairman robert UNKNOWN jr. said the synthetic crude oil production from the facility rose even as the price for that oil increased . 
overseas exploration and production results also improved because of additional output from the north sea UNKNOWN field , a portion of which was acquired by sun earlier this year . 
results declined , however , in sun 's refining and marketing and coal businesses . 
shell oil 
profits of shell , a subsidiary of the royal dutch / shell group , tumbled $ 99 million , or 9.9 % , to $ 999 million , despite a gain of $ 99 million from an insurance settlement . 
president frank UNKNOWN attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which UNKNOWN higher earnings from the crude oil sector of shell 's exploration and production operation . 
UNKNOWN away some of the gain in that unit was a decline in u.s. oil production to 999,999 barrels of oil a day during the quarter from 999,999 barrels a day last year . 
shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 99 million , to $ 999 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals . 
mobil 
net income at mobil corp. slipped 9.9 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue declined $ 999 million , to $ 99.99 billion . 
earnings included a one-time gain of $ 999 million on a property transaction in hong kong . 
exploration and production profits slumped $ 99 million due to a provision for restructuring costs . 
the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and UNKNOWN of employees in u.s. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas . 
last year , third-quarter earnings included a $ 999 million gain from foreign tax rate changes and a loss from a $ 99 million UNKNOWN of reserves . 
chevron 
chevron 's net income fell 9.9 % , to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
results included a $ 99 million gain from the sale of rights from chevron 's investment in UNKNOWN inc. , and a loss of $ 99 million from the sale of california oil and gas properties . 
revenue rose 99 % , to $ 9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined . 
profits from u.s. exploration and production operations totaled $ 99 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 99 million loss that included a $ 99 million reorganization charge . 
refining and marketing operations earned $ 999 million in the quarter this year , compared with earnings of $ 999 million a year earlier that included $ 99 million in charges for environmental programs . 
foreign earnings fell to $ 999 million from $ 999 million that included a $ 99 million gain from lower canadian and australian taxes . 
chemical profits fell to $ 99 million from $ 99 million . 
jeff rowe contributed to this article . 
asarco inc. , continuing its effort to UNKNOWN its business , ended its involvement in asbestos mining in the third quarter and said it would stop mining and selling coal by year end . 
the mining , metal and UNKNOWN concern said combined revenue for asbestos and coal was about $ 99 million of the company 's total revenue in 9999 of $ 9.99 billion . 
richard de j. UNKNOWN , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's `` decisions to get out of asbestos and UNKNOWN coal continue the process of UNKNOWN and focusing the company in areas with a better future . '' 
asarco also reported third-quarter net income rose 99 % , to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from a restated $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper , lead and UNKNOWN , and higher equity earnings in mexico UNKNOWN industrial UNKNOWN s.a. , a mexican mining company in which asarco has a 99 % stake . 
the 9999 results were restated for UNKNOWN changes . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
in august , asarco , through its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN du UNKNOWN subsidiary , sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in canada for $ 99.9 million . 
asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its UNKNOWN coal mine and will end its involvement in southern illinois strip mining . 
the company said that it is discussing a UNKNOWN buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , asarco fell $ 9.999 to close at $ 99.99 . 
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 99-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 99 days . 
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 999-day estimate . 
david w. UNKNOWN was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective nov. 9 . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , a former finance executive at singer UNKNOWN machine co. and UNKNOWN corp. , succeeds francis l. UNKNOWN , 99 , who plans to retire from the company next year . 
carlos a. UNKNOWN , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in UNKNOWN , mich. , effective nov. 9 . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , succeeds john c. UNKNOWN , 99 , who is retiring as corporate vice president of pharmaceutical manufacturing . 
UNKNOWN is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN chemicals . 
this brooklyn , n.y. , UNKNOWN maker announced a 9 % stock dividend payable dec. 99 , to holders of record nov. 99 . 
as of sept. 99 , UNKNOWN had 9.9 million common shares outstanding . 
jay UNKNOWN , president , said the move `` reflects the confidence of our board and management in UNKNOWN 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment . '' 
in american stock exchange composite trading , UNKNOWN closed at $ 9.9999 a share , up 9.99 cents . 
walter m. brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the canadian head office . 
he had been vice president in that office . 
john b. UNKNOWN was named senior vice president and remains responsible for the individual policy services department . 
frank j. UNKNOWN was named senior vice president in charge of the mortgage finance department . 
he had been vice president of the department , which was formerly called the real estate department . 
timothy c. brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this UNKNOWN and specialty products concern . 
in the director post , mr. brown , 99 years old , succeeds joseph w. UNKNOWN , who retired from the board in august . 
c. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , 99 , vice president and chief financial officer , was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions , a new post . 
UNKNOWN j. UNKNOWN , 99 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
he remains secretary . 
ronald b. koenig , 99 years old , was named a senior managing director of the UNKNOWN & co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm . 
mr. koenig will build the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN business of UNKNOWN , which has primarily been a UNKNOWN firm . 
he was chairman and co-chief executive officer of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & co. until july , when he was named co-chairman of the UNKNOWN firm along with howard l. UNKNOWN jr. , who then became the sole chief executive . 
yesterday , mr. UNKNOWN , 99 , said he was n't aware of plans at UNKNOWN to name a co-chairman to succeed mr. koenig and said the board would need to approve any UNKNOWN or title changes . 
mr. UNKNOWN added he was n't surprised mr. koenig resigned , but his departure was `` nothing that we UNKNOWN or worked for . '' 
mr. koenig said : `` i just got a tremendous offer from UNKNOWN . 
mci communications corp. said it received a $ 99 million contract to provide UNKNOWN network services to woolworth corp. 's 9,999 corporate and retail sites in the 
the contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services . 
woolworth said it expects to expand usage of the mci services as it adds about 9,999 business locations over the next few years . 
the philippine merchandise trade deficit widened to $ 9.99 billion during the first eight months of 9999 from $ 999 million a year earlier . 
imports continued to UNKNOWN philippine exports , despite gains in shipments abroad , the government national statistics office said . 
exports reached $ 9.99 billion , up from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier , while imports rose to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the trade deficit in the first eight months is already wider than the trade gap of $ 9.99 billion for all of 9999 . 
analysts expect the trade gap for the year to UNKNOWN $ 9 billion as demand for capital equipment and raw materials continues to push imports higher . 
UNKNOWN corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with UNKNOWN bard inc. , a murray hill , n.j. , maker of health-care products , for the purchase of the company 's bard / UNKNOWN UNKNOWN division for about $ 99 million . 
UNKNOWN , a maker of electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before nov. 99 . 
bard / UNKNOWN had 9999 sales of about $ 99 million , UNKNOWN said . 
UNKNOWN , n.c. -- 
first wachovia corp. said john f. UNKNOWN iii will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's wachovia corp. and wachovia bank & trust co. subsidiaries on dec. 99 . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , will be succeeded by UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' baker jr. , 99 , the parent 's chief credit officer and head of its administration division . 
mr. baker will UNKNOWN his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet . 
in addition , on jan. 9 , thomas a. bennett , 99 , will become vice chairman and chief operating officer of wachovia and wachovia bank & trust , filling a UNKNOWN left by the retired UNKNOWN w. UNKNOWN in april . 
mr. bennett will continue as executive in charge of the north carolina banking operation . 
messrs. baker and bennett have been elected directors of wachovia and wachovia bank & trust filling vacant seats on both boards . 
canadian retail sales rose 9.9 % in august from july , statistics canada , a federal agency , said . 
the august increase followed a 9.9 % decline in july . 
during the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 9.9 % a month , the agency said . 
UNKNOWN production by the nation 's mills decreased 9.9 % last week to 9,999,999 tons from 9,999,999 tons the previous week , the american iron and steel institute said . 
last week 's output fell 9.9 % from the 9,999,999 tons produced a year earlier . 
the industry used 99.9 % of its UNKNOWN last week , compared with 99.9 % the previous week and 99.9 % a year ago . 
the american iron and steel institute reported : the UNKNOWN utilization rate is a UNKNOWN designed to indicate at what percent of its production UNKNOWN the industry is operating in a given week . 
with reduced exports and rising imports , south korea 's trade UNKNOWN with the u.s. and europe between january and september fell sharply from a year ago , the customs administration said . 
officials said south korea 's trade surplus with the u.s. for the first nine months of the year totaled $ 9.99 billion , down 99 % from the same period last year on a UNKNOWN basis . 
south korean exports to the u.s. during the period fell 9.9 % from a year ago to $ 99.99 billion , while imports from the u.s. soared 99 % to $ 99.99 billion . 
the trade surplus with europe was pegged at $ 999 million , down 99 % from a year ago . 
officials said south korean exports to europe dropped 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion while imports from there went up 99 % to $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc. said its pharmaceuticals subsidiary agreed to supply UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for animal eye surgery to a unit of international minerals & chemical corp . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
the agreement marks UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN shield helps speed UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN after eye surgery . 
the product will be distributed by UNKNOWN inc. , a subsidiary of international minerals . 
france 's industrial production index for july and august rose 9 % from june and was up 9.9 % from a year ago , according to seasonally adjusted data from the national statistics institute . 
the state agency , which usually publishes the data on monthly basis , but traditionally combines the index for the two UNKNOWN months , said the advance was led by output of consumer goods , which rose 9.9 % from june and was up 9.9 % from a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 9 % and a UNKNOWN advance of 9 % . 
food production was ahead 9.9 % from june and 9.9 % from a year earlier . 
output in the UNKNOWN sector was ahead 9.9 % on a monthly basis and 9.9 % year on year . 
these gains were partly offset by output of cars and other consumer UNKNOWN , which eased 9.9 % from june 's high level . 
the sector was still 9.9 % above its output levels from a year earlier , however . 
international minerals & chemical corp. said it agreed UNKNOWN to sell its international UNKNOWN business to UNKNOWN ag of west germany . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
the maker of animal health and UNKNOWN products said the business , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of port UNKNOWN , switzerland , and UNKNOWN , n.y. , is a division of its UNKNOWN inc. subsidiary and had sales of about $ 99 million for its most recent year . 
international minerals said the sale will allow UNKNOWN to focus its resources on its core businesses of medical products , specialty chemicals and UNKNOWN . 
consumers power co. filed with the michigan public service commission a contract to buy power from the UNKNOWN nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
consumers power and bechtel power corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility . 
two japanese scientists said they discovered an antibody that , in laboratory UNKNOWN experiments , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cells while UNKNOWN healthy cells . 
if further experiments are successful , the work would represent a major advance in research on acquired immune UNKNOWN syndrome . 
the drug azt , the only treatment currently on the market , claims only to help stop the spread of aids , not to cure it . 
but several analysts and japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in UNKNOWN yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results . 
and the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a research scientist at the tokyo metropolitan institute of medical science , said the antibody he discovered works by UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN called a UNKNOWN , which is UNKNOWN of an infected cell . 
the antibody then UNKNOWN the cell . 
dr. UNKNOWN and his partner , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN university , said their experiments showed that the antibody wiped out an average of 99 % of UNKNOWN cells within three days . 
in some of the experiments , it killed almost all the infected cells , the researchers said . 
meanwhile , fewer than 99 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
the two said they must still do more laboratory tests , then experiment on animals . 
they said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the u.s. by late next year . 
japan does n't have enough aids patients to do significant UNKNOWN in that country , they said . 
the announcement got wide exposure in the japanese media , and even moved some pharmaceutical stocks yesterday . 
but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , director of the UNKNOWN department at japan 's national institute of health and secretary of the government 's UNKNOWN center , said , `` i 'm not so optimistic of its future use in UNKNOWN methods . '' 
he said some infected cells may not have the relevant UNKNOWN and so would n't be killed even after exposure to the antibody . 
`` the results seem to be very UNKNOWN , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , editor of nikkei biotechnology , a leading japanese industry newsletter . 
dr. UNKNOWN responded that he thought the antibody could potentially kill all infected cells . 
but he and dr. UNKNOWN said there were still several UNKNOWN , particularly regarding possible side effects . 
`` our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low UNKNOWN , but it can also kill other cells , '' said dr. UNKNOWN . 
`` we do n't know the effect of our antibody on the human body . '' 
aids is n't considered a widespread problem in japan -- the government reports about 9,999 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure . 
dr. UNKNOWN said about 99 projects are currently under way in japan , and that japanese researchers in the past year have made available three possible UNKNOWN to american researchers for UNKNOWN tests . 
he said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in january in new orleans , the japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing . 
azt is the world 's only UNKNOWN medicine approved for UNKNOWN the disease . 
wellcome plc , a major british pharmaceutical maker , sells the drug under the name UNKNOWN . 
a wellcome spokesman declined to comment on the discovery of the antibody in japan . 
but andrew porter , a UNKNOWN analyst at nikko securities co. in london , said if the product were to be successfully developed it would represent `` a potential threat to the long-term UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
the following issues were recently filed with the securities and exchange commission : 
american exploration co. , offering of five million common shares , via smith barney , harris upham & co. and shearson lehman hutton inc . 
chemical waste management inc. , proposed global offering of 9,999,999 shares of common stock , of which seven million of the shares will be offered in the u.s. and 9,999,999 shares will be offered overseas , via merrill lynch capital markets ( domestic ) and kidder , peabody & co . ( international ) . 
UNKNOWN corp. , proposed offering of $ 999 million of senior subordinated debentures , via goldman , sachs & co . 
UNKNOWN capital corp. , UNKNOWN cable systems UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN cable partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via drexel burnham lambert inc . 
john UNKNOWN & co. , initial offerings of the UNKNOWN california performance plus municipal fund inc. and the UNKNOWN new york performance plus municipal fund inc. , via alex . brown & sons inc . 
UNKNOWN inc. , initial offering of three million shares of its common stock , of which 9,999,999 shares will be sold by the company and 9,999,999 will be sold by holders , via montgomery securities and donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities corp . 
mgm grand inc. , proposed offering of six million shares of common stock , via merrill lynch . 
UNKNOWN corp. , formerly called old UNKNOWN systems inc. , offering of 9.9 million common shares , of which one million will be sold by the company , and the balance by holders , via hambrecht & quist and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & co . 
scott paper co. , shelf offering of up to $ 999 million of debt securities , via goldman sachs , salomon brothers inc. and smith barney , harris upham . 
sullivan graphics inc. , offering of $ 999 million of senior subordinated notes , via merrill lynch . 
sun UNKNOWN inc. , initial offering of 9.9 million common shares , of which one million shares will be sold by the company , and the balance by a holder , via salomon brothers inc. and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc . 
yes clothing co. , proposed initial offering of 999,999 common shares , of which 999,999 shares will be offered by the company and 999,999 by holders , via UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities inc . 
a # 999 million ( $ 999 million ) british airways plc rights issue UNKNOWN badly -- the victim of recent market UNKNOWN and the collapse of the buy-out bid for united airlines ' parent , ual corp . 
the united kingdom carrier had planned the issue to help finance its $ 999 million purchase of a 99 % stake in ual . 
but british airways withdrew from the ual labor-management buy-out plan last friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 9.99 billion buy-out . 
british airways said its shareholders accepted only 9.9 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters . 
analysts said that 9.9 % level marked the UNKNOWN showing for any major british rights issue since the 9999 global stock market crash . 
`` it is close to being a record UNKNOWN , '' said bob UNKNOWN , an analyst with london broker smith new court securities . 
`` fund managers do n't like to have rights issues that do n't have an obvious reason . 
the obvious reason was ( for british air ) to buy a stake in united airlines . '' 
in a statement , british air chairman lord king said the company was `` obviously disappointed that the issue was not taken up , but it would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue . '' 
but except for the embarrassment , british air will emerge relatively UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN issue . 
underwriters led by lazard brothers & co. will pick up the rest of the airline 's offer of four convertible capital bonds for every nine common shares . 
lazard and other primary underwriters have reduced or eliminated their exposure by UNKNOWN the issue among u.k. institutional investors . 
`` the ( paper ) loss here is very small '' for these UNKNOWN , observed john nelson , a lazard managing director . 
in any case , he added , `` most institutions probably wo n't sell '' the bonds . 
and instead of buying the ual stake , the u.k. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war UNKNOWN . 
`` from a cash flow point of view , british airways is better off not being in united airlines in the short term , '' said UNKNOWN chambers , an analyst at nomura research institute in london . 
added another u.k. analyst : `` it gives them some cash in the back UNKNOWN for when they want to do something . '' 
for instance , british air is continuing to negotiate with UNKNOWN royal dutch airlines about each acquiring a 99 % stake in UNKNOWN world airlines , the air transport subsidiary of the belgian national airline . 
a definitive agreement had been expected by the end of july . 
the failed rights issue also should have a modest impact on british air shares . 
the airline 's share price already is far below the 999 pence ( $ 9.99 ) level seen after the company announced the rights issue in late september . 
in late trading on london 's stock exchange yesterday , the shares were off three pence at 999 pence . 
and because british air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market . 
but british air 's withdrawal from the ual buy-out could have further UNKNOWN . 
some analysts speculated yesterday that the move has set off a board room split , which may lead to the resignation of sir UNKNOWN marshall , the carrier 's chief executive officer . 
`` the stories are UNKNOWN , '' a british air spokesman said . 
`` there is no difference of opinion between ( chairman ) lord king and sir UNKNOWN on any aspect of company policy . 
minority recruiting has yet to meet hopes raised by bush administration . 
six months ago , as some personnel specialists saw it , a perception that president bush really UNKNOWN about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- was UNKNOWN top management to raise hiring goals for UNKNOWN , blacks and other minorities . 
the perception UNKNOWN , says an official at a major industrial company . 
but so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the `` new urgency '' is UNKNOWN down to the managers who actually do hiring . 
`` is there really a commitment or an UNKNOWN of activity ? '' he asks . 
the recruiting `` has n't materialized , '' asserts jeffrey christian , who runs a search agency . 
samuel hall , howard university 's UNKNOWN director , also does n't see it . 
and he questions the white house UNKNOWN . 
`` i do n't think the bush administration has done anything , '' he says . 
UNKNOWN donald clark does note an increase in UNKNOWN for minority candidates . 
but some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get `` numbers in order '' for UNKNOWN reports . 
pay for performance UNKNOWN mostly on boss 's UNKNOWN view . 
du pont co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity . 
many companies have set up machinery to UNKNOWN workers a fair shake . 
at most firms , though , it 's the immediate supervisor who decides the merit increases UNKNOWN will be paid . 
managers have `` some very broad UNKNOWN , '' says an official at walt disney co . 
UNKNOWN corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors UNKNOWN up the merit pie . 
lotus development corp. UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN into a computer , but only for storage ; the decisions are made by supervisors . 
UNKNOWN foods corp. UNKNOWN for fairness by UNKNOWN increases on quarterly reviews , annual UNKNOWN and meetings with workers . 
at UNKNOWN technology inc. , each supervisor 's recommendation must be approved by the next boss up the line , and then UNKNOWN by a salary review committee . 
japanese companies fare best in u.s. when they give americans more say . 
university of michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their american employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including UNKNOWN back in japan . 
`` you ca n't hire competent americans and say , ` let them run only their own show , ' '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who headed the study run with egon UNKNOWN international , a search firm . 
the researchers say many japanese companies UNKNOWN in the u.s. by adopting the american practice of hiring managers on the `` open market . '' 
in japan , by contrast , companies tend to develop their own talent and promote from within . 
the japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their UNKNOWN . 
`` some japanese executives are not yet ... comfortable about sharing strategic information with their american colleagues , '' the researchers say . 
americans stay longer with japanese firms than american companies . 
but they think promotions are limited . 
the house votes down a proposal to put pension plans under the control of joint labor-management boards . 
some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
long-term care insurance gains favor . 
more than half the people surveyed for the employee benefit research institute say they would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage . 
UNKNOWN spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 99 % of payroll from 99 % three years ago , says the national institute of business management , an advisory service . 
ousted executives over 99 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 9.99 months vs. 9.99 for the UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN firm UNKNOWN , gray & christmas finds . 
it 's the first time in the survey 's 99 years that the UNKNOWN group came out ahead . 
fear of aids UNKNOWN hiring at few hospitals . 
UNKNOWN runs high . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who heads the aids program at new york city 's UNKNOWN hospital center , ca n't find help . 
`` i 've been recruiting every single day since it 's been identified that many aids patients come from the inner city , '' she says . 
she was the only staff UNKNOWN available to treat aids patients last summer and now she has the help of only two doctors part time . 
part of the problem , though , may reflect a general UNKNOWN to work with the urban poor . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN hospital in dallas says it has n't had any problem recruiting , even after a UNKNOWN contracted the virus while UNKNOWN an aids patient . 
`` i can tell you that nobody quit over it . 
no one UNKNOWN , '' a spokeswoman says . 
st. paul medical center , also in dallas , sees only a `` minimal erosion '' of support staff due to aids . 
UNKNOWN haven hospital sees no problem , says john UNKNOWN , the chief of staff . 
`` there are enough UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says . 
the UNKNOWN : at least somebody gains on UNKNOWN . 
the association of UNKNOWN consulting firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 9999 , to $ 999 million a year ... . 
and somebody loses on the expected repeal of section 99 , the benefits test fought by most employers . 
UNKNOWN solutions says software producers had each invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs that now have no use . 
big gains for the UNKNOWN republicans party in UNKNOWN state municipal elections sunday showed UNKNOWN support for chancellor helmut kohl in a traditional UNKNOWN for his christian democratic union . 
with UNKNOWN from most of the state 's major cities in by yesterday morning , the republicans came away with 99 % of the vote in several of the key districts . 
with many rural districts yet to report UNKNOWN , election officials estimate support for christian democrats fell an average five percentage points statewide . 
the UNKNOWN social democrats and the environmental UNKNOWN party posted mixed results . 
headed by a former UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and working from a UNKNOWN platform of UNKNOWN rhetoric , the fledgling republicans party has UNKNOWN surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of west berlin , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
with west german unemployment remaining high at two million UNKNOWN and the lack of affordable housing becoming a primary issue for next year 's campaign , the republicans are seen drawing support for their `` germans first '' stand on UNKNOWN issues . 
election analysts acknowledge that a `` UNKNOWN '' coalition of social democrats and UNKNOWN could edge out chancellor kohl 's coalition in the december 9999 national election if support for the republicans continues to spread . 
international investigators urged britain to allow prosecution of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN war criminals who took refuge there after 9999 . 
under current law , such suspects are immune from prosecution for acts committed while not british citizens . 
`` if we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , '' said jeff UNKNOWN , a member of parliament and one of several british politicians attending a london conference with government investigators from the u.s. , canada and australia . 
a UNKNOWN inquiry found in july that more than 99 people living in britain could have been part of death UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN eastern europe . 
parliament is expected to discuss next month whether to change the law . 
british investigations were prompted by a list of 99 alleged war criminals living in britain sent to prime minister UNKNOWN thatcher in october 9999 by the simon UNKNOWN center in los angeles . 
in a sign of easing tension between beijing and hong kong , china said it will again take back illegal UNKNOWN caught crossing into the british colony . 
china had refused to UNKNOWN citizens who UNKNOWN into hong kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident chinese UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN to the u.s. . 
about 9,999 chinese were awaiting UNKNOWN yesterday . 
italy 's foreign ministry said it is investigating exports to the soviet union by an UNKNOWN . c. olivetti & co. subsidiary called UNKNOWN that makes UNKNOWN controlled machine tools . 
although italy 's investigation of whether olivetti had violated western UNKNOWN rules had previously been made known , this marked the first time the unit and product were named . 
the u.s. is worried about the UNKNOWN of olivetti 's machine tools to military use . 
however , an olivetti spokeswoman said UNKNOWN , of which olivetti sold the majority interest last year , `` does n't make equipment that has the type of UNKNOWN necessary for sophisticated productions . '' 
UNKNOWN say that UNKNOWN fishing UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN out much of the world 's UNKNOWN stocks in a few years . 
but the japanese UNKNOWN association criticized moves to ban the practice in international waters . 
`` it is really unfortunate for human UNKNOWN to be UNKNOWN by emotional discussions , '' the association said . 
in UNKNOWN , or `` wall of death , '' fishing , fleets lay UNKNOWN up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path . 
earlier this year , japan said it would cut the number of its UNKNOWN vessels in the south pacific by two-thirds , or down to 99 . 
workers at UNKNOWN s.a. 's car plant at UNKNOWN , in eastern france , voted to end a UNKNOWN strike that has cost the UNKNOWN group production of 99,999 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
the UNKNOWN voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better UNKNOWN benefits and bigger annual bonuses . 
the spokesman said the vote at UNKNOWN is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company 's assembly plant at UNKNOWN , where the number of UNKNOWN has been UNKNOWN down to 99 . 
about 9,999 national union of UNKNOWN members resumed their strike against de beers consolidated mines ltd. after further negotiations to settle a wage dispute broke down . 
striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on oct. 99 , had returned to work last week when the union and de beers arranged to reopen negotiations . 
a de beers spokesman said yesterday the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 99 % , while the union was demanding 99.9 % . 
before the two parties resumed talks last week , de beers offered 99 % and the union wanted 99.9 % . 
china 's people 's daily took note of the growing problem of computer fraud . 
since the first fraud was discovered in july 9999 at an office of the people 's bank of china in UNKNOWN , 99 major cases have been found , the paper said ; the biggest was the theft of $ 999,999 from a bank in UNKNOWN in march 9999 . 
the number of computers has UNKNOWN in recent years , with 99,999 in use , as well as 99,999 UNKNOWN models . 
but security systems , effective management controls and regulations to govern their use have not kept pace , the people 's daily said . 
besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal secrets and intelligence , the newspaper said , but it gave no more details . 
japanese tourists will be told to take care when UNKNOWN earthquake damage in san francisco , the japan association of travel agents said . 
the association issued an advisory to its 9,999 member agencies following a report from the foreign ministry that UNKNOWN by japanese tourists in UNKNOWN areas was causing ill feeling among local residents ... . 
UNKNOWN said UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN in red square will be closed from nov. 99 to jan. 99 for essential maintenance . 
the red granite UNKNOWN UNKNOWN thousands of visitors daily . 
UNKNOWN on rural UNKNOWN rose 99 % between 9999 and last year , the national highway traffic safety administration said in a report on the impact of the 99 UNKNOWN speed limit on those roads . 
the report to congress said that UNKNOWN rose 99 % in 9999 and 99 % in 9999 on rural UNKNOWN . 
the 9999 highway bill permitted states to raise the speed limit to 99 UNKNOWN from 99 UNKNOWN on interstate roads , which are defined as highways that pass through areas with fewer than 99,999 people . 
since 9999 , 99 states have increased the speed limit on rural UNKNOWN . 
`` about one-third of the UNKNOWN increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors { primarily to greater speed } , '' according to UNKNOWN . 
the report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 9 % between 9999 and last year , while UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN roads were about the same in 9999 as in 9999 . 
in states that raised the speed limit on rural UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN rate rose about 99 % to 9.9 deaths per 999 million miles UNKNOWN between 9999 and 9999 . 
in contrast , the UNKNOWN rate in the states that retained the 99 UNKNOWN limit was 9.9 last year , the same as in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 
( `` food manufacturer changes UNKNOWN of ` UNKNOWN ' to ` UNKNOWN , ' saying that 's the UNKNOWN people now prefer . '' 
-- wsj business UNKNOWN ) 
public preference is important , so product names should match up , and firms that find they 're lagging behind should now take steps to UNKNOWN ! 
-- george o. UNKNOWN . 
judge not 
how easy it is to attack others ' views without ever setting a foot in their shoes ! 
-- g. sterling UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 
UNKNOWN course : UNKNOWN . 
-- thomas henry . 
in an oct. 99 UNKNOWN article , `` it 's the world bank 's turn to adjust , '' paul craig roberts UNKNOWN most of the blame for what UNKNOWN developing countries at the UNKNOWN of the world bank . 
the article is , unfortunately , UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
one of mr. roberts 's UNKNOWN is that the bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
this is just not so . 
the reality is that bank finances are rock solid . 
as of june 99 , 9999 -- the day our past fiscal year came to a close -- only 9.9 % of the bank 's portfolio was affected by UNKNOWN of over six months . 
this is an UNKNOWN low level . 
moreover , the bank follows a prudent UNKNOWN policy and has set aside $ 999 million against possible loan losses . 
for the same fiscal year , by the way , the bank 's net income was a robust $ 9.9 billion after provisions . 
because of the UNKNOWN manner in which the bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
this helps explain the triple-a rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.9 billion in fiscal 9999 on the most UNKNOWN terms . 
another of mr. roberts 's criticisms is that bank lending has done more harm than good `` by UNKNOWN the wrong incentives and UNKNOWN energy away from economic development . '' 
here , too , mr. roberts is way off the mark . 
the reality is that bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 99 years . 
our traditional project loans have , for instance , supported UNKNOWN energy pricing in the power sector , sound interest-rate policies in the credit area and the operation of public utilities as efficient , UNKNOWN agencies . 
by and large , these efforts have UNKNOWN fruit . 
in my home region , latin america , much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the world bank . 
mr. roberts also takes a UNKNOWN at the bank 's adjustment lending . 
what are the facts on this type of lending ? 
the bank has been making adjustment loans for 99 years . 
as their name implies , these operations are linked to UNKNOWN policy reforms that aim at helping borrowing countries get back on the growth path and at UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN . 
typically , these measures include reforms to UNKNOWN the role of government and UNKNOWN in the economy , to open up UNKNOWN economies to international competition and to promote the development of a UNKNOWN private sector . 
support for the private sector has been a longstanding concern of the bank 's . 
over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the third world through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the international finance corp . 
most recently , the bank group has been expanded to include the UNKNOWN investment guarantee agency to UNKNOWN direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against UNKNOWN risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate . 
these are not the actions of a development agency UNKNOWN to central planning and to the UNKNOWN of investment decisions in the hands of government , as mr. roberts alleges . 
rather , they reflect the bank 's UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN approach , which aims at UNKNOWN that developing countries put their scarce resources to the best possible use . 
francisco UNKNOWN director , external affairs the world bank 
the government said it would UNKNOWN its enormous and UNKNOWN food marketing and distribution network , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , or conasupo . 
conasupo director UNKNOWN UNKNOWN fernandez said the agency will sell 999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and several UNKNOWN plants and UNKNOWN beginning early next year . 
the agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk . 
mr. UNKNOWN also said conasupo will cut back subsidies to producers of UNKNOWN farm products and close retail outlets in wealthy neighborhoods . 
the agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale . 
conasupo controls prices on agricultural goods and operates retail outlets where basic consumer items are sold at UNKNOWN prices . 
business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of UNKNOWN waste . 
private-sector leaders praised the conasupo restructuring . 
but most economists doubt the UNKNOWN would cut deeply into conasupo government subsidy , which largely goes to reduce consumer prices for corn and milk . 
the food and drug administration banned all imports of mushrooms from china in response to a rash of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN linked to UNKNOWN chinese mushrooms . 
`` the agency has concluded that UNKNOWN may be widespread throughout the UNKNOWN industry in china , '' an fda spokesman said yesterday . 
the agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were UNKNOWN or packed in UNKNOWN at any chinese plant to enter the u.s. until `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN measures are implemented in china to prevent '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
on may 99 , the fda began UNKNOWN chinese mushrooms in UNKNOWN cans after more than 999 people in mississippi , new york and pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms . 
in subsequent tests , the agency found UNKNOWN cans from several chinese plants to be similarly UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a type of bacteria that produces a UNKNOWN capable of surviving the high UNKNOWN used in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
a recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food UNKNOWN began in early march . 
in 9999 , china UNKNOWN 99 million pounds of mushrooms , valued at $ 99 million , to the u.s. . 
the shipments went mostly to UNKNOWN distributors that supply UNKNOWN and restaurants . 
a spokesman for the chinese embassy here said that the beijing government has taken `` many effective measures '' to stop the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and is further investigating the underlying causes . 
he predicted the problem will be solved `` very soon . '' 
your sept. 99 `` politics & policy '' article about william bennett 's emergency drug plan for washington gives the impression that the fbi has not been nor is actively involved . 
this is not the case . 
the fbi is very supportive of and an active UNKNOWN in mr. bennett 's initiative . 
it was agreed at the UNKNOWN of the washington drug initiative that the fbi 's role would be to continue targeting the major drug UNKNOWN through our national drug strategy . 
through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user , but rather we target and attack major UNKNOWN organizations that control a large segment of the drug market . 
the trial of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN iii in washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the drug enforcement administration and the metropolitan police department ( UNKNOWN ) . 
the fbi 's role is to UNKNOWN the d.c. initiative through not only these major UNKNOWN investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our UNKNOWN with local police UNKNOWN handling drug-related crimes . 
in fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the UNKNOWN in drug-related crimes such as UNKNOWN and other crimes of violence . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN assistant director office of public affairs federal bureau of investigation 
ramada inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to feb. 99 , 9999 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to new world development co. of hong kong and prime motor UNKNOWN inc. of UNKNOWN , n.j . 
ramada 's previous plan was UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN in the junk-bond market that UNKNOWN the offering of $ 999 million in high-yield securities of UNKNOWN corp. , the new company that will operate ramada 's UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN and atlantic city , 
under the new terms , new world will still pay $ 999 million for ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but ramada will now UNKNOWN new world for $ 99 million in expenses . 
prime will still manage ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes . 
revised terms call for each ramada common share to be UNKNOWN for $ 9 in cash , subject to possible reduction , and one share of UNKNOWN common stock . 
shareholders will also receive one cent per share for the redemption of preferred stock purchase rights . 
the cash UNKNOWN will be reduced by 99 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of ramada 's common stock UNKNOWN $ 99 on the day the transaction closes . 
the provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring . 
ramada 's stock rose 99.9 cents on the news to close at $ 99.99 in composite new york stock exchange trading . 
the announcement UNKNOWN some wall street observers ' fears that new world might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely . 
the previous deadline to complete the sale was nov. 99 . 
one major advantage of the revised plan is that UNKNOWN will have far less debt than under the old terms . 
`` they 'll go from being one of the most leveraged to one of the least leveraged casino companies , '' said daniel lee , an analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc . 
mr. lee values the package at between $ 99 and $ 99 a share , based on current trading prices of other UNKNOWN stocks . 
the UNKNOWN restructuring , which was first announced in october 9999 , must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in UNKNOWN and new jersey . 
financing plans include raising $ 999 million in debt secured by the company 's holdings in new jersey . 
in may , ramada sold its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN pie shops inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its UNKNOWN in atlantic city and in las vegas and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
bond prices took the high road and stock prices took the low road as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
the dow jones industrial average fell 99.99 points to 9999.99 in sluggish trading . 
but long-term treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 9 for each $ 9,999 face amount . 
the dollar UNKNOWN against other major currencies in UNKNOWN trading . 
traders and analysts said the UNKNOWN between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing UNKNOWN about the economic outlook . 
a UNKNOWN economy UNKNOWN corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it UNKNOWN bond prices as interest rates fall . 
that UNKNOWN is expected to grow today when the government reports on september durable goods orders and again thursday when the first assessment of third-quarter economic growth is released . 
analysts say they think durable goods orders fell about 9 % , compared with a 9.9 % gain in august , and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 9.9 % from the second quarter 's 9.9 % . 
the stock market 's decline , coming after a record weekly gain of 999.99 points , surprised some investors . 
but a.c. moore , director of research at UNKNOWN research , said last week 's rally was a UNKNOWN reaction to the oct. 99 stock market UNKNOWN . 
overall , he said , the trend in stock prices will be down as the economy UNKNOWN . 
`` we think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
`` corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . '' 
UNKNOWN johnson , chief investment officer at first albany corp. , agreed that a deteriorating economy is UNKNOWN , but he said the real concern among stock investors is that some new problem will crop up in the junk bond market . 
in major market activity : stock prices slumped in sluggish trading . 
volume on the new york stock exchange totaled 999.9 million shares . 
declining issues on the big board were ahead of gainers , 9,999 to 999 . 
bond prices rallied . 
the yield on the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond slipped to 9.99 % . 
the dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
in late new york trading , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks and 999.99 yen , compared with 9.9999 marks and 999.99 yen late friday . 
the wall street journal `` american way of buying '' survey consists of two separate , UNKNOWN nationwide polls conducted for the journal by peter d. hart research associates and the roper organization . 
the two UNKNOWN , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability UNKNOWN . 
the poll conducted by peter d. hart research associates interviewed 9,999 adults age 99 and older from june 99 to june 99 , 9999 . 
the poll conducted by the roper organization interviewed 9,999 adults age 99 and older from july 9 to july 99 , 9999 . 
responses were weighted on the basis of age and UNKNOWN to conform with u.s. census data . 
for each poll , the odds are 99 out of 99 that if UNKNOWN had sought to survey every household in the u.s. using the same UNKNOWN , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 9 9\/9 percentage points in either direction . 
the margin of error for UNKNOWN -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
in addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question UNKNOWN could introduce errors into the findings . 
( see related story : `` the american way of buying : is buying a car a choice or a UNKNOWN ? -- 
ironically , american airlines ' attempt to lead industry prices higher was reported in the same issue as your survey showing that consumers had the least confidence in the airline industry ( sept. 99 ) . 
you UNKNOWN robert UNKNOWN , chairman of american 's parent , amr corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` UNKNOWN '' because `` you will go to detroit because you have to go to detroit whether the fare is $ 999 , $ 999 or $ 999 . '' 
even if mr. UNKNOWN is correct , he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level . 
in 9999 , he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to UNKNOWN 's president that they both raise fares 99 % . 
( UNKNOWN declined ) . 
when i asked american airlines for its side of the story for use in my UNKNOWN class , where i teach business ethics , it did not respond . 
perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately UNKNOWN consumer trust in that industry . 
arnold UNKNOWN assistant professor ohio state university 
meredith corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals UNKNOWN its book , magazine and UNKNOWN products . 
the des UNKNOWN publisher said it created a new UNKNOWN marketing group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as UNKNOWN home journal and better homes and UNKNOWN . 
in addition , the group will create UNKNOWN media such as UNKNOWN , newspaper UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN for ad campaigns . 
earlier this year , meredith sold its first such package for $ 9 million to kraft inc. , now a unit of new york-based philip morris UNKNOWN . 
the kraft package included a specially published UNKNOWN , a national UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in sunday newspapers , and a kraft `` UNKNOWN '' section that ran in five meredith magazines . 
kraft recently agreed to spend an additional $ 9 million on similar programs through 9999 . 
bill murphy , director of the new marketing unit , said meredith is negotiating other UNKNOWN packages with leading companies in several product categories , but he would n't disclose their names . 
sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , UNKNOWN goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the meredith group . 
other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction . 
the new york times co. 's magazine group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive UNKNOWN services built around buying ad pages in its golf digest magazine . 
time warner inc. recently formed a `` UNKNOWN department '' to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine time 's magazines with warner products such as UNKNOWN . 
paul UNKNOWN , director of media services at grey advertising , said meredith is the leader in providing UNKNOWN packages . 
`` they may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the UNKNOWN offering the most extensive plan , '' he said . 
mr. murphy of meredith said one UNKNOWN , which he would n't identify , wants meredith to provide ad pages in seven meredith magazines , publish an UNKNOWN book that will be distributed at point of purchase , give away a UNKNOWN on installation UNKNOWN , and possibly use meredith 's better homes and UNKNOWN ' residential real-estate agents to distribute UNKNOWN books to new homeowners . 
`` five years ago , magazine publishers would simply bid on an UNKNOWN 's big ad schedule for their magazine , '' said mr. murphy . 
`` but the marketplace changed . 
advertisers now say ` help us improve our image and extend our selling season . ' 
they are coming to publishers looking for ideas . 
your sept. 99 article `` it 's so easy to get burned when buying a small firm '' was excellent . 
i 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 99 % will go out of business within two years , and 99 % in five years . 
the economic loss , jobs lost , UNKNOWN , frustration and UNKNOWN are beyond measure . 
and most of these are absolutely UNKNOWN . 
your article points out the UNKNOWN people fall into , but when reviewing those UNKNOWN one sees just about all of them could have been avoided . 
an UNKNOWN did not review the seller 's books before buying a business . 
`` i guess i was UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
there is a more UNKNOWN word to describe his UNKNOWN of common sense . 
corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks . 
they know all the answers and are not used to working more than 99 hours a week . 
the UNKNOWN worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice . 
his UNKNOWN gives him a much better chance of success . 
a few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN in this country without any money , and unable to speak english , become overnight UNKNOWN . 
their `` secret '' is that they UNKNOWN a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way . 
successful american business owners do the same thing . 
unfortunately , they are in the minority . 
avoiding failure is easy . 
it 's unfortunate so many must learn the hard way . 
daniel b. UNKNOWN tucson , ariz . 
the management turnover at reebok international ltd. continued with the resignation of company president c. joseph UNKNOWN , who joined reebok just two years ago . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's departure follows by two months the resignation of mark UNKNOWN as senior vice president and chief marketing officer after only 99 months at reebok . 
the resignations by the two executives , considered UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN by reebok insiders , reflect a difference in style with paul fireman , chairman and chief executive , according to several former executives . 
the two executives are among a number of outsiders UNKNOWN by reebok in the past few years to help it make the transition from a small start-up company to a marketing giant with sales last year of $ 9.99 billion . 
the changes come as reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-9999s but has seen its sales UNKNOWN of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the UNKNOWN business against rivals UNKNOWN inc. and UNKNOWN gear inc . 
the departures , said UNKNOWN ruth , an analyst at montgomery securities in san francisco , should enable the company to focus on business issues instead of management differences . 
`` i think it 's more an issue of style . 
i would view it as a net positive . 
the company can go about its business . 
they 're in the midst of a turnaround , '' she noted . 
earnings have rebounded in 9999 after a 99 % decline last year . 
a former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` if you see any company that grows as fast as reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
reebok said mr. UNKNOWN will resume the presidency of UNKNOWN group inc. , a UNKNOWN venture capital firm that he founded in 9999 . 
before that he was president and chief operating officer of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN film corp . 
reebok added that mr. fireman will assume the title of president . 
a spokesman said that neither mr. fireman nor mr. UNKNOWN would be available for comment . 
`` we will not be commenting beyond the news release , '' the spokesman said . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who had been president of UNKNOWN inc. 's UNKNOWN u.s.a. division before joining reebok in september 9999 , left in august to pursue other interests . 
magazine publishers are facing UNKNOWN costs and a UNKNOWN of new UNKNOWN . 
but even a UNKNOWN of recent failures is n't UNKNOWN them from launching new publications . 
at the american magazine conference here , publishers are plenty worried about the industry 's woes . 
but they are also talking about new magazines . 
for example , toronto-based UNKNOWN inc. will publish eating well , a new food and health magazine due out next summer . 
new york-based UNKNOWN corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 months , a magazine for UNKNOWN mothers , and has already launched american home . 
and time warner inc. is developing a spinoff of time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful sports illustrated for kids . 
over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 99 magazines annually , according to donald UNKNOWN , president of the magazine publishers of america . 
`` this is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` entrepreneurs do n't rush to get into a UNKNOWN or declining industry . '' 
and despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
for the first nine months , advertising pages in consumer magazines tracked by the publishers information bureau increased 9 % from the same period last year , to 999,999 pages . 
total magazine ad revenue for the same period increased 99 % to $ 9.9 billion . 
though for some magazines categories a tough advertising climate UNKNOWN , the industry in general is doing well compared with the newspaper industry . 
though some magazines are UNKNOWN , the magazine publishing industry remains a risky business . 
within the same nine months , news corp. closed down in fashion , a UNKNOWN young woman 's fashion magazine , UNKNOWN publications inc. has UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN venture magazine , and lang communications has announced ms. magazine , after 99 years , will no longer carry advertising as of january . 
lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only UNKNOWN revenue . 
meanwhile , american health partners , publisher of american health magazine , is deep in debt , and owen UNKNOWN , founder and managing partner , is being forced to sell the magazine to reader 's digest association inc . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble . 
mr. UNKNOWN said in a telephone interview from new york that the sale was proceeding as planned . 
`` the magazine is strong . 
it 's simply the right time to do what we are doing , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said james UNKNOWN , president of meredith corp. 's magazine group . 
`` publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die , '' he added . 
`` magazines could , like other brands , find that they have only a limited life . '' 
there are also indications that the number of magazine entrepreneurs , traditionally UNKNOWN upon to break new ground with potentially risky UNKNOWN , are UNKNOWN . 
more than ever , independent magazines and small publishing groups are being UNKNOWN up by larger publishing groups , such as american express publishing corp. , a unit of american express co. , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN publications inc. , a unit of advance publications inc. , which are consolidating in order to gain leverage with advertisers . 
some entrepreneurs are still active , though . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of new york-based network publishing corp. , earlier this year sold his soap opera digest magazine to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's news corp . 
mr. UNKNOWN said that in the next six months he will take $ 99 million from the soap opera digest sale to acquire new magazines . 
he would not reveal which magazines he is considering . 
`` the magazines i am looking for are UNKNOWN , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` they could be old or new , but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved . 
they will be the next hot magazines . 
mca inc. said its UNKNOWN unit agreed to buy buddy UNKNOWN corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and UNKNOWN products . 
the price was n't disclosed , but an executive of UNKNOWN toys ltd. , the mca unit , said the closely held buddy UNKNOWN had annual sales in excess of $ 99 million . 
the 99-year-old buddy UNKNOWN concern , based in new york , designs and develops toys under the names `` buddy UNKNOWN '' and `` my first buddy , '' he said . 
mca said it expects the proposed transaction to be completed `` no later than nov. 99 . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
franklin national bank died at 9 p.m. edt , oct. 9 , 9999 , and was promptly UNKNOWN under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession . 
arthur burns , federal reserve board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the UNKNOWN u.s. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . '' 
federal officials who had been UNKNOWN the bank for months arranged a merger with UNKNOWN bank & trust , owned by six foreign banks , to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN . 
and federal insurance protected the bank 's 999,999 UNKNOWN . 
the crisis had peaked on may 99 , 9999 , when the bank disclosed `` severe '' foreign-exchange losses due to `` unauthorized '' trading . 
massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political UNKNOWN , including $ 9.99 billion in federal reserve loans . 
within six years many figures were convicted for their illegal abuse of franklin funds . 
in june 9999 , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- an italian financier who in july 9999 had bought a 99 % block of franklin 's stock from UNKNOWN corp. , headed by laurence a. tisch -- was sentenced to 99 years in prison after being convicted of fraud and UNKNOWN . 
included was the charge that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN $ 99 million of franklin funds for his other ventures . 
( UNKNOWN in 9999 UNKNOWN his `` UNKNOWN '' for 9 9\/9 months to delay his trial . ) 
during 9999 to 9999 , other former franklin officials either pleaded guilty to or were found guilty of violations including phony transactions to hide the bank 's losses . 
UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN vatican financial adviser with reported links to the UNKNOWN , died on march 99 , 9999 , at age 99 , reportedly after drinking UNKNOWN coffee in an italian prison . 
it happened four days after he was sentenced to life in prison for ordering a 9999 murder . 
italian UNKNOWN UNKNOWN his death a UNKNOWN . 
in a UNKNOWN office building south of los angeles , human behavior is being monitored , UNKNOWN and , ultimately , UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN line UNKNOWN across a video screen , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as subjects with UNKNOWN computers register their UNKNOWN reactions to a speaker 's remarks . 
agreement , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN all can be UNKNOWN from the subjects ' twist of a UNKNOWN . 
in another experiment , an elaborate chart with color codes UNKNOWN how people 's opinions were UNKNOWN -- and how they can be UNKNOWN . 
donald vinson , who UNKNOWN the experiments , is n't some UNKNOWN researcher . 
he heads litigation sciences inc. , the nation 's largest legal consulting firm , which is helping corporate america prepare for UNKNOWN litigation by predicting and UNKNOWN jurors ' reactions . 
in the process , litigation sciences is quietly but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the world of law . 
little known outside the legal world but a powerhouse within , litigation sciences , a unit of saatchi & saatchi plc , employs more than 999 UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , marketers , UNKNOWN artists and technicians . 
UNKNOWN of its workers are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
among other services , the firm provides pre-trial opinion polls , creates UNKNOWN of `` ideal '' jurors , sets up UNKNOWN trials and `` shadow '' UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN lawyers and witnesses , and designs UNKNOWN graphics . 
much like their UNKNOWN in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or UNKNOWN matters , UNKNOWN their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological UNKNOWN to make the UNKNOWN choice . 
with jury UNKNOWN getting bigger all the time , companies are increasingly willing to pay huge sums for such advice . 
recently , litigation sciences helped pennzoil co. win a $ 99.9 billion jury verdict against texaco inc . 
it advised the national football league in its largely successful defense of antitrust charges by the united states football league . 
and it helped win defense UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN suits involving scores of products , ranging from UNKNOWN 999 tires to the UNKNOWN drug UNKNOWN . 
largely as a result , litigation sciences has more than doubled in size in the past two years . 
its 9999 revenue was $ 99 million . 
meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 999 new businesses -- many just UNKNOWN shops -- have UNKNOWN up . 
mr. vinson estimates the industry 's total revenues approach $ 999 million . 
in any UNKNOWN case , you can be sure that one side or the other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants . 
despite their UNKNOWN , the consultants are n't entirely welcome . 
some lawyers and UNKNOWN see the social scientists ' vision of the american jury system as a far UNKNOWN from the ideal presented in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN on the movie screen . 
in the film classic `` UNKNOWN angry men , '' the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN each UNKNOWN 's bias and UNKNOWN it from playing a role in the verdict . 
after hours of conflict and debate , that jury UNKNOWN on the facts with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in real life , jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be UNKNOWN not to . 
litigation consulting is , as new york trial attorney donald UNKNOWN puts it , `` highly UNKNOWN . '' 
he adds , `` the notion they try to sell is that UNKNOWN do n't make decisions UNKNOWN . 
but the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things UNKNOWN . 
i find it troubling . '' 
but mr. UNKNOWN also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective . 
`` it 's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough , it 's almost UNKNOWN not to use them , '' he says . 
others complain that the consultants ' growing influence UNKNOWN the advantage of UNKNOWN wealthy enough to afford such UNKNOWN services . 
`` the affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor UNKNOWN { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a UNKNOWN , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a prominent UNKNOWN who teaches at george washington university . 
sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 9999s and 9999s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases . 
the UNKNOWN 9 trial in 9999 , in which daniel UNKNOWN and others were charged with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN violence , was a landmark . 
in that case , a group of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN interviewed 999 registered voters around UNKNOWN . 
the researchers discovered that UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury . 
the defense also learned that UNKNOWN people were UNKNOWN conservative about the vietnam war . 
a more UNKNOWN panel became a second aim . 
ultimately , that carefully picked jury UNKNOWN with a UNKNOWN vote to UNKNOWN , and the prosecution decided not to UNKNOWN the case . 
litigation consulting had arrived . 
the fledgling science went corporate in 9999 when international business machines corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case . 
the problem for ibm trial lawyers thomas UNKNOWN and david boies was how to make such a highly technical case UNKNOWN . 
as the trial UNKNOWN , they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them . 
the solution devised by the professor was to hire six people who would mirror the actual jury UNKNOWN , sit in on the trial and report their reactions to him . 
he then UNKNOWN messrs. boies and UNKNOWN , who had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation UNKNOWN . 
thus , the `` shadow '' jury was born . 
mr. vinson , the professor , got the law UNKNOWN and formed litigation sciences . 
( ibm won the case . ) 
`` the hardest thing in any complex case is to retain UNKNOWN and , in some sense , your UNKNOWN , '' says mr. boies of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & moore . 
`` what you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it . 
a shadow jury is a way to do that in a more UNKNOWN and organized way . '' 
the approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which energy transportation systems inc. sued santa fe pacific corp. over the transport of UNKNOWN coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes UNKNOWN over . 
energy transportation retained litigation sciences , at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars , to poll , UNKNOWN , profile and shadow . 
just before the actual closing arguments , the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors , each of whom was being paid $ 999 a day . 
the jurors , who did n't know which side had retained them , decided for energy transportation , and awarded $ 999 million in damages . 
the real jury returned days later with a $ 999 million victory for energy transportation . 
`` it 's just like weather forecasting , '' says energy transportation trial attorney harry UNKNOWN of vinson & UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's often wrong , but it 's better than consulting an indian rain UNKNOWN . '' 
forecasting is only one part of litigation sciences ' work . 
changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters . 
and to the UNKNOWN , some of the firm 's approaches may seem UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
instead , mr. vinson says , interviews with thousands of jurors reveal that they start with firmly entrenched attitudes and try to UNKNOWN the facts of the case to fit their views . 
pre-trial UNKNOWN helps the consultants develop a profile of the right type of UNKNOWN . 
if it is a case in which the client seeks UNKNOWN damages , for example , depressed , UNKNOWN people are far more likely to grant them . 
someone with a master 's degree in UNKNOWN arts who works in a UNKNOWN would be ideal , litigation sciences advises . 
so would someone recently UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN . 
( since litigation sciences generally represents the defense , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury . ) 
for personal-injury cases , litigation sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
such people also typically hold negative attitudes toward the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the poor , blacks and women . 
the consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward UNKNOWN work , or toward particular movies or books . 
litigation sciences does n't make moral UNKNOWN . 
if a client needs UNKNOWN jurors , the firm will help find them . 
as mr. vinson explains it , `` we do n't control the facts . 
they are what they are . 
but any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to UNKNOWN . 
in our system of UNKNOWN , the trial lawyer is duty UNKNOWN to present the best case he possibly can . '' 
once a jury is selected , the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation UNKNOWN . 
logic plays a minimal role here . 
more important are what lsi calls `` psychological UNKNOWN '' -- a few UNKNOWN points calculated to appeal to the jury on a UNKNOWN level . 
in one personal-injury case , a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool , but the fall did n't explain why one of her arms was UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
by repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers UNKNOWN doubt about the UNKNOWN of the woman 's injuries . 
the UNKNOWN worked . 
the defense won . 
in a classic defense of a personal-injury case , the consultants concentrate on encouraging the jury to shift the blame . 
`` the ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her UNKNOWN , '' mr. vinson has written . 
slick graphics , UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN , also play a major role in litigation sciences ' operation . 
studies show , the consultants say , that people absorb information better and remember it longer if they receive it UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN help . 
`` the average american watches seven hours of tv a day . 
they are very UNKNOWN sophisticated , '' explains lsi graphics specialist robert UNKNOWN . 
lawyers remain divided about whether anything is wrong with all this . 
supporters acknowledge that the process aims to manipulate , but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar UNKNOWN . 
`` they may not have been able to UNKNOWN it all , but they did it , '' says stephen UNKNOWN , a legal ethics expert at new york university law school . 
`` what you have here is UNKNOWN made UNKNOWN . '' 
many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the UNKNOWN system as long as no one UNKNOWN with the evidence . 
others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage . 
litigation consulting is n't a guarantee of a favorable outcome . 
litigation sciences concedes that in one in 99 cases it was UNKNOWN wrong in its predictions . 
a few attorneys offer UNKNOWN stories of jobs UNKNOWN by consultants or of UNKNOWN services -- as when one lawyer paid a consultant ( not at litigation sciences ) $ 99,999 to interview a jury after a big trial and later read more UNKNOWN interviews with the same jurors in the american lawyer magazine . 
some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at the notion that a UNKNOWN knows more than they do about what makes a jury UNKNOWN . 
`` the UNKNOWN of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse UNKNOWN react to you and your presentation , '' says barry UNKNOWN of simpson UNKNOWN & bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against shell oil co . 
he says he used consultants in the case but `` found them to be virtually UNKNOWN . '' 
but most lawyers accept that the marketplace has UNKNOWN . 
and the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while UNKNOWN such a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
for more than a decade , mr. UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN , has been a leading critic of the UNKNOWN . 
`` there 's no reason to believe that UNKNOWN rule UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
`` but the last thing you want to do is manipulate the UNKNOWN to make them think better . 
what you then do is you make them think UNKNOWN . '' 
to UNKNOWN the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called UNKNOWN challenges -- UNKNOWN that do n't require UNKNOWN . 
in most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges . 
for complex cases , judges sometimes allow many more . 
mr. UNKNOWN also suggests UNKNOWN anyone from gathering background information about the jurors . 
( some courts release names and UNKNOWN , and researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings , and even question neighbors . ) 
furthermore , he says , UNKNOWN should not be allowed to UNKNOWN jurors ' UNKNOWN . 
even some lawyers who have used consultants to their advantage see a need to limit their impact . 
mr. boies , the first lawyer to use mr. vinson 's services , UNKNOWN against courts ' allowing extensive jury UNKNOWN ( known as UNKNOWN dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors . 
`` the more extensive the UNKNOWN dire , the easier you make it for that kind of research to be effective , and i do n't think courts should lend themselves to that , '' mr. boies says . 
silicon graphics inc. , a UNKNOWN maker of computer workstations , said it landed two federal government contracts worth more than $ 999 million over the next five years . 
one award is part of a department of defense contract to loral UNKNOWN UNKNOWN computers and could be valued at more than $ 999 million over five years . 
the other involves the sale of about 99 of the company 's high-end workstations to the national institutes of health . 
the models , which cost about $ 99,999 each , will be used in research . 
the awards are evidence that silicon graphics ' approach to computer graphics is UNKNOWN on with users of powerful desktop computers , analysts said . 
`` the company 's on a roll , '' said robert UNKNOWN , an analyst at hambrecht & quist . 
`` no other { computer } UNKNOWN offers graphics performance that good for their price . '' 
in the battle to supply desktop computers for researchers and design engineers , most of the attention is given to the biggest competitors : sun microsystems inc. , hewlett-packard co. and digital equipment corp. , which make computers mainly aimed at a wide range of engineering and scientific needs . 
silicon graphics , on the other hand , has targeted a specific UNKNOWN since its UNKNOWN in 9999 , which has been dubbed by some as `` motion-picture computing . '' 
this is a style of `` UNKNOWN '' computing that provides UNKNOWN , color models of everything from the inside of a house to the latest in women 's fashion . 
though silicon graphics is much smaller than digital , UNKNOWN and sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared UNKNOWN in this graphics portion of the workstation market . 
in addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
a year ago , silicon graphics introduced a model priced at $ 99,999 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
silicon graphics also plans to unveil even less expensive machines in the near future . 
`` it 's pretty safe to assume we can bring the cost down of these systems by 99 % to 99 % a year , '' said edward UNKNOWN , the company 's chief executive officer . 
silicon graphics ' strategy seems to be paying off . 
revenue for its first quarter ended sept. 99 was $ 99.9 million , a 99 % increase over the year-ago period . 
profit was $ 9.9 million , compared with $ 9 million for the year-ago quarter . 
remember those UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN refrigerators of 99 years ago ? 
they , or at least something less efficient than today 's UNKNOWN units , may soon be making a comeback . 
that something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 999 to the $ 999 or so consumers now pay for UNKNOWN refrigerators . 
these and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air UNKNOWN to foam UNKNOWN to commercial UNKNOWN are in prospect because of something called the montreal UNKNOWN , signed by 99 nations in 9999 . 
in one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $ 999 billion in the u.s. alone -- the UNKNOWN agreed to curtail sharply the use of UNKNOWN ( cfcs ) . 
world-wide production would be cut in half by 9999 . 
the u.s. senate UNKNOWN the treaty so well it UNKNOWN it by a vote of 99 to 9 . 
not to be UNKNOWN , george bush wants cfcs UNKNOWN altogether by the year 9999 , a goal endorsed at an 99-nation u.n. environmental meeting in UNKNOWN in the spring . 
that 's a lot of UNKNOWN , as it turns out . 
cfcs are the primary UNKNOWN in a gas , often referred to by the du pont trade name UNKNOWN , which is UNKNOWN to liquid form to serve as the UNKNOWN agent in UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN equipment . 
UNKNOWN containing cfcs are pumped into UNKNOWN to make the foam used in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN foam is a highly efficient UNKNOWN , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and UNKNOWN can be UNKNOWN now than they were back in the days when they were UNKNOWN with glass UNKNOWN . 
but even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $ 999 billion between now and the year 9999 to convert to other UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN agents and UNKNOWN and to UNKNOWN equipment for these less efficient substitutes , the montreal UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN of supporters say it is worth it . 
they insist that cfcs are UNKNOWN the earth 's UNKNOWN ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
hence , as they see it , if something is n't done UNKNOWN will become ever more subject to UNKNOWN and skin cancer . 
peter UNKNOWN , a specialist in heat transfer , is running a project at arthur d. little inc. , of cambridge , mass. , to find alternative technologies that will allow industry to eliminate cfcs . 
in addition to his interest in ozone UNKNOWN he has UNKNOWN studied the related topic of global UNKNOWN , a theory that UNKNOWN 's generation of carbon UNKNOWN through increased combustion of fossil UNKNOWN is creating a `` UNKNOWN effect '' that will work important UNKNOWN changes in the earth 's atmosphere over time . 
`` i would be the first to admit that there is not a complete consensus in the scientific community on either one of these problems , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` in the kind of literature i read i come across UNKNOWN opinions quite frequently . 
but the nature of the problem is such that many others feel it has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in . 
we ca n't afford to wait . '' 
but does it have to be so soon ? 
some UNKNOWN scientists think that even if cfcs were released into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , the amount of ozone UNKNOWN would be only 99 % by the middle of the next century . 
it 's easy to get something comparable by simply moving to a higher UNKNOWN in the u.s. . 
moreover , there are questions , particularly among UNKNOWN scientists who know this subject best , about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer . 
it is generally agreed that when cfcs rise from earth to UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN in them is capable of UNKNOWN with the process through which UNKNOWN UNKNOWN split UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and form ozone . 
but ozone creation is a very UNKNOWN natural process and the importance of UNKNOWN cfcs in reducing it is largely a matter of UNKNOWN . 
the ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure . 
what scientists have known since the late 9999s is that there is a hole in the layer over UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN or contracts from year to year . 
but it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in UNKNOWN . 
moreover , surely someone has noticed that household refrigerators are closed systems , running for many years without either the UNKNOWN gas or the UNKNOWN ever UNKNOWN . 
another argument of the environmentalists is that if substitutes are available , why not use them ? 
mr. UNKNOWN cites a list of substitutes but none , so far , match the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN cfcs . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN can be used as UNKNOWN , for example , but are UNKNOWN . 
moreover , new UNKNOWN will be needed to protect UNKNOWN from the new UNKNOWN , which , as with cfcs , are UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without cfcs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN effect . 
folks in the midwest who just suffered a mid-october UNKNOWN may wonder where the UNKNOWN was when they needed it , but let 's not be UNKNOWN about grave risks . 
as it happens , arthur d. little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone UNKNOWN and global UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without cfcs . 
there is , after all , big money in UNKNOWN . 
maybe we should ask why it was that du pont so quickly UNKNOWN and issued a statement , giving it wide publicity , that it was UNKNOWN cfcs . 
UNKNOWN , introduced in 9999 , UNKNOWN america by making UNKNOWN and air UNKNOWN practical after all . 
one answer is that big companies are growing UNKNOWN of fighting environmental movements and are trying instead to cash in on them , although they never care to put it quite that way . 
du pont , as it happens , has a potential UNKNOWN for cfcs . 
imperial chemical industries of the u.k. also has one , and is building a plant in louisiana to produce it . 
japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to UNKNOWN new markets , of course . 
there are still others who do n't mind seeing new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the latest threat and asking for money to fight it . 
university UNKNOWN and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services UNKNOWN when price UNKNOWN destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for `` alternative energy . '' 
they needed new UNKNOWN to generate new grants and contracts . 
in other words , UNKNOWN has created a whole set of UNKNOWN interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few . 
that tends to tilt the public debate toward `` solutions '' even when some of the most UNKNOWN scientists are skeptical about the UNKNOWN of the threats and the insistence of urgency . 
there is an element of UNKNOWN involved . 
consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a UNKNOWN or an UNKNOWN car . 
if they were really getting insurance against environmental disaster , the price would be cheap . 
but if there is no impending threat , it can get to be very expensive . 
but worries about 9999 . 
with most legislatures UNKNOWN for the year , small business is UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN . 
much of its attention was spent fighting organized labor 's UNKNOWN on issues the small-business community traditionally opposes -- from raising state minimum wage levels to UNKNOWN benefits in health plans . 
while results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes don l. robinson , associate director of the national UNKNOWN of independent business , the largest small-business organization . 
five states -- oregon , UNKNOWN island , new hampshire , iowa and wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 99 other states were defeated . 
oregon 's rate will rise to $ 9.99 an hour , the nation 's highest , in jan. 9 , 9999 . 
iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 9.99 an hour in january 9999 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate . 
in 99 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 99 bills UNKNOWN health coverage or parental leave . 
the illinois legislature narrowly passed a UNKNOWN bill , which gov. james thompson UNKNOWN , and iowa and tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
small business is bracing for an UNKNOWN of similar proposals next year . 
`` those kinds of issues always keep coming back , '' says robert UNKNOWN , who manages the illinois chamber of commerce 's small-business office . 
despite victories this year , small business fears losing UNKNOWN war . 
only two states -- vermont and washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with UNKNOWN or adopted UNKNOWN . 
similar proposals were defeated in at least 99 other states . 
but small business , which generally UNKNOWN UNKNOWN benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes . 
`` it 's just a matter of time before the UNKNOWN turns , '' says one UNKNOWN lobbyist . 
consequently , small business is taking more `` UNKNOWN '' steps to counter mandated leaves . 
in pennsylvania , small businesses are pushing for a UNKNOWN alternative ; they favor a commission that would develop UNKNOWN leave policies that employers could adopt . 
they also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers who temporarily replace employees on parental leave . 
in 9999 , the issue is expected to be especially close in alaska , california , michigan , new york , pennsylvania and illinois . 
`` we 'll be playing a lot of defense , especially in the midwest and northeast , '' says jim UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN . 
in los angeles , more small businesses UNKNOWN adopting a UNKNOWN policy . 
UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN is a recent city council decision to give preference in letting city contracts to suppliers with a stated policy on child care for their employees . 
the UNKNOWN treatment even UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN small contracts under $ 99,999 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns . 
firms are permitted wide flexibility in the UNKNOWN arrangements they provide . 
council member UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the measure 's chief advocate , considers it part of a `` UNKNOWN policy '' that makes los angeles a leader in `` UNKNOWN the workplace . '' 
november UNKNOWN will contain few UNKNOWN or initiative issues that especially affect small business . 
in san francisco , small businesses are urging passage of a local initiative to build a new $ 99 million downtown baseball stadium ; they believe it will spur retail sales and UNKNOWN business . 
but in washington state , small business generally opposes an initiative to boost spending on children 's programs by $ 999 million , UNKNOWN the state 's 9.9 % sales tax will be raised to finance the outlays . 
UNKNOWN dollars : 
small businesses in suburban chicago are UNKNOWN that an UNKNOWN switch nov. 99 -- to 999 from the familiar 999 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter UNKNOWN , among other things , and notify customers . 
UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a small st. charles law firm , plans to mail 999 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cards . 
but many owners plan to practice UNKNOWN -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out . 
even UNKNOWN operator UNKNOWN smith of UNKNOWN wo n't UNKNOWN his old supply . 
( he reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . ) 
california , a UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN rules , UNKNOWN a controversy . 
with some new rules , state officials say they made it easier -- and faster -- to sell new UNKNOWN whose terms UNKNOWN from those in UNKNOWN contracts . 
previously , regulators insisted that franchisers UNKNOWN such changes with the state -- a costly process taking at least six weeks . 
now some negotiated sales that meet a series of tests do n't have to be UNKNOWN . 
for instance , franchisers no longer must UNKNOWN sales to UNKNOWN franchisees who qualify as `` sophisticated purchasers . '' 
such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 9 million , $ 999,999 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold . 
but critics consider the changes UNKNOWN . 
lewis g. UNKNOWN , a chicago lawyer who represents franchisers , contends california is narrowly limiting -- rather than expanding -- opportunities for negotiating sales . 
he argues california regulators historically have UNKNOWN their law -- and he says negotiated sales that are n't UNKNOWN have been legal all along . 
san francisco lawyer timothy h. fine , who represents franchisees , insists california 's UNKNOWN helps protect franchisees from UNKNOWN sales negotiators who push UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
small talk : 
a new maryland law UNKNOWN store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the UNKNOWN ... . 
only 9 % of missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or UNKNOWN for drug or alcohol use ... . 
by UNKNOWN % , tennessee UNKNOWN members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
about 999,999 commuters trying to find their way through the bay area 's UNKNOWN transportation system UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN , sat in traffic UNKNOWN on major freeways or waited UNKNOWN for buses yesterday . 
in other words , it was a UNKNOWN manhattan commute . 
city officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last tuesday 's earthquake . 
the massive temblor , which killed at least 99 people , UNKNOWN the bay bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most UNKNOWN leading to and from highway 999 , the biggest artery to the south . 
it will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 999 UNKNOWN . 
but in spite of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the bay area rapid transit UNKNOWN system carried 99 % more passengers than normal . 
for the first time in memory , it was UNKNOWN only in bart 's UNKNOWN , modern UNKNOWN . 
moreover , the two main bridges still UNKNOWN san francisco with the east bay did n't charge UNKNOWN , allowing traffic to UNKNOWN through without UNKNOWN . 
officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still UNKNOWN at home . 
many commuters who normally drove across the bay bridge , which is shut down for several weeks because of damage to one span , actually may have reached work a bit faster on bart yesterday , provided they could find a parking space at the system 's UNKNOWN stations . 
in the best of times , the bay bridge is the worst commute in the region , often UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of 99 to 99 minutes or more . 
not that getting into town was easy . 
storm UNKNOWN caused UNKNOWN on the freeway , and many commuters had to find UNKNOWN to bart 's stations , because parking lots were full before UNKNOWN . 
bus schedules were sometimes in disarray , UNKNOWN commuters such as UNKNOWN sullivan . 
her commute from UNKNOWN , calif. , normally takes an hour and 99 minutes , via the golden gate bridge , which UNKNOWN san francisco with the north bay area . 
yesterday , she was still waiting at a bus stop after three hours , trying to transfer to a bus going to the financial district . 
`` it 's worse than i thought , '' she said . 
`` i do n't know where all the buses are . '' 
but while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the golden gate , by 9 a.m. it already had UNKNOWN out . 
`` it 's one of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN i 've ever had , '' said charles UNKNOWN , an insurance broker on the bus from mill valley in UNKNOWN county . 
`` it looks like a holiday . 
i think a lot of people got scared and stayed home . '' 
however , a spokeswoman for bankamerica corp. said yesterday 's UNKNOWN at the bank holding company was no greater than on an average day . 
at the san mateo bridge , which UNKNOWN the san francisco UNKNOWN with the east bay , police were surprised at the speed with which traffic moved . 
`` everybody pretty much pitched in and UNKNOWN , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN with the california highway UNKNOWN . 
there were many indications that the new work hours implemented by major corporations played a big role . 
the golden gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual UNKNOWN crush . 
bechtel group inc. , the giant closely held engineering concern , says it has UNKNOWN a 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. UNKNOWN arrangement , UNKNOWN employees may select any UNKNOWN period during those hours to go to work . 
of bechtel 's 99,999 employees , about 9,999 work in san francisco -- one-third of them UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN east bay . 
pacific gas & electric co. is offering its 9,999 san francisco employees a two-tier UNKNOWN schedule -- either 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. or 99 a.m. to 9 p.m . 
the UNKNOWN may cut by almost a third the number of UNKNOWN employees working conventional 9-9 hours , a spokesman says . 
some of the utility 's employees may UNKNOWN for a four-day UNKNOWN , 99 hours a day , to cut the commute by 99 % . 
at pacific telesis group , UNKNOWN is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be UNKNOWN during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
some individuals went to some UNKNOWN on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock . 
one senior vice president at bechtel said he got up at 9 a.m. to drive into san francisco from the east bay . 
but transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last . 
although one transportation official said drivers who did n't use car pools were UNKNOWN `` an UNKNOWN act , '' about two-thirds of the UNKNOWN crossing the golden gate were alone , compared with the normal 99 % rate . 
and some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways . 
UNKNOWN kasparov went to combat sunday with the world 's most advanced UNKNOWN computer and kicked it around -- UNKNOWN , anyway -- like an old UNKNOWN can . 
playing black in the first game , the human champion UNKNOWN deep thought , known for its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , into a totally passive position . 
then he UNKNOWN his own , UNKNOWN , attack . 
and in the second game , with mr. kasparov advancing UNKNOWN as white , d.t. offered UNKNOWN resistance and lost even faster . 
well , UNKNOWN can rest easier for now . 
though almost everybody at the playing site had been looking for the 99-year-old soviet to beat the UNKNOWN computer , he gave the machine a far worse UNKNOWN than many expected . 
and when mr. kasparov UNKNOWN into the playing hall , he called the outcome . 
as if he were iron mike , about to enter the ring with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , he declared : `` i 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . '' 
his strategy against d.t. was based on a UNKNOWN study of dozens of its games , he said , including its notorious UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and robert byrne of the u.s. . 
mr. kasparov was UNKNOWN . 
`` the computer 's mind is too straight , too UNKNOWN , '' lacking the UNKNOWN and creativity needed to reach the top , he said . 
the champion apparently was not worried at all about d.t. 's strong points . 
its chief UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN `` the UNKNOWN '' for its tactical UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN out of horrible positions . 
d.t. also has a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN memory , is utterly UNKNOWN , and could n't be UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN spread around the playing hall , in the new york academy of art . 
in fact , d.t. never left home , UNKNOWN mellon university in pittsburgh , but UNKNOWN with its human UNKNOWN by telephone link . 
they conceded that the odds favored mr. kasparov , but they put their hope in d.t. 's recently enhanced capacity for UNKNOWN positions -- up to a million per second , from 999,999 . 
but the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN stuck with silicon chips ; they needed UNKNOWN . 
this became apparent as game one , a UNKNOWN defense by mr. kasparov , UNKNOWN . 
no human can UNKNOWN millions of moves , but mr. kasparov , using his UNKNOWN powerful brain , consistently found very good ones . 
after eight moves by each side , the board was the same as in a game in which nigel short of great britain fought the champion to a draw in 9999 . 
but the computer did n't play mr. short 's UNKNOWN move , a key pawn UNKNOWN , and its position deteriorated rapidly . 
instead of UNKNOWN , a standard measure to UNKNOWN the king , d.t. made a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at move 99 ; then it put a knight UNKNOWN on move 99 . 
`` only two classes of minds would think of this -- very weak human players , and computers , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the expert UNKNOWN for the match , which was attended by hundreds of UNKNOWN fans . 
by move 99 , d.t. had fallen into a deep UNKNOWN trap . 
it allowed mr. kasparov to exchange his UNKNOWN bishop for one of d.t. 's UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN usually are worth slightly more than UNKNOWN , but in this case mr. kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and d.t. 's surviving bishop was reduced to UNKNOWN . 
indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` UNKNOWN pawn , '' as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN put it . 
consistently , d.t. was UNKNOWN about its chances , which it continually UNKNOWN up , in UNKNOWN form . 
when most UNKNOWN thought its position UNKNOWN , the computer thought it was only , in effect , one-half of a pawn down . 
such UNKNOWN met with UNKNOWN , and kept the machine from UNKNOWN as soon as humans would have -- prompting more UNKNOWN . 
while d.t. UNKNOWN its king back and forth in a defensive UNKNOWN , mr. kasparov UNKNOWN the knight to a dominant UNKNOWN . 
he also launched a UNKNOWN storm , UNKNOWN a pawn to UNKNOWN d.t. 's king . 
no amount of UNKNOWN could have saved this game for UNKNOWN . 
a piece down , the computer resigned . 
now , with the crowd in the analysis room UNKNOWN UNKNOWN blood , the only question seemed to be how fast mr. kasparov could win game two . 
with the advantage of playing white ( which moves first ) , mr. kasparov followed up UNKNOWN against the computer 's defense , a queen 's UNKNOWN accepted . 
as early as move six , mr. kasparov UNKNOWN from a well-known UNKNOWN of moves , developing a knight instead of making a standard bishop attack against the computer 's advanced knight . 
this left the computer with a broader range of UNKNOWN replies -- and it immediately UNKNOWN by moving a UNKNOWN pawn , to the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN development . 
`` in a new position just after the opening , a computer will have serious problems , '' mr. kasparov said later . 
in such positions , he explained , `` you have to create something new , and the computer is n't able to do that right now . '' 
after only 99 moves for each side , the computer 's position was shaky . 
UNKNOWN , it grabbed a pawn , at the cost of facing a UNKNOWN attack . 
and when a defensive move was called for , d.t. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats . 
mr. kasparov UNKNOWN later that `` even a weak club player '' would have avoided the queen move . 
now , after only a dozen moves , UNKNOWN were looking for a UNKNOWN combination . 
on a UNKNOWN board , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN showed a quick kill initiated by a knight UNKNOWN ; no UNKNOWN UNKNOWN this line of play . 
mr. kasparov 's UNKNOWN was slower but , in the end , just as UNKNOWN . 
he won d.t. 's queen for two minor pieces and two UNKNOWN -- not enough compensation , in this position , to give the computer much hope . 
in a UNKNOWN position , the computer resigned rather than make its 99th move . 
and mr. kasparov , to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN back into the analysis room . 
`` in both games i got exactly what i wanted , '' he said . 
what he had UNKNOWN , he added , is that there 's more to UNKNOWN than sheer UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , d.t. 's UNKNOWN vowed to press on . 
indeed , three of them will be building a successor machine for international business machines corp . 
promises UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : `` in three years we 'll mount a better challenge . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is a reporter in the journal 's new york bureau . 
reaching for that extra bit of yield can be a big mistake -- especially if you do n't understand what you 're investing in . 
just ask richard blumenfeld , a new jersey UNKNOWN who considers himself `` a reasonably sophisticated investor . '' 
in may 9999 , dr. blumenfeld gave merrill lynch & co. about $ 99,999 for a federally insured certificate of deposit offering an effective yield of more than 9 % . 
`` it was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' dr. blumenfeld recalls . 
yields on five-year cds at major banks were UNKNOWN about 9.99 % , and 99-year treasury notes were paying less than 9 % . 
the cd seemed like a great deal . 
but nearly 9 9\/9 years later , merrill says the investment is worth about $ 99,999 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 9 % on dr. blumenfeld 's $ 99,999 . 
the problem is that the cd he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain UNKNOWN cd . 
instead , his merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon cd , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value . 
the difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return . 
more important , the cd was purchased on the secondary , or UNKNOWN , market . 
because the cd had an effective yield of 99.9 % when it was issued in 9999 , and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then , part of the price dr. blumenfeld paid was a premium -- an additional amount on top of the cd 's base value plus accrued interest that represented the cd 's increased market value . 
now the thrift that issued the cd is insolvent , and dr. blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance . 
the UNKNOWN came when he opened a recent merrill lynch statement and found that the cd 's `` estimated current market value '' had plummeted by $ 9,999 in a month . 
several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the UNKNOWN found out that the $ 9,999 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the cd , and that the amount was n't insured . 
`` this is one thing i was never aware of , '' he says . 
he assumed that principal and interest were `` fully insured up to $ 999,999 , '' he adds . 
dr. blumenfeld is n't unique . 
especially at times like these , when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect , too many people chase the promise of UNKNOWN returns without fully UNKNOWN the risk . 
`` yield UNKNOWN often gets in the way of understanding things , '' says john UNKNOWN , research director of the american association of individual investors , a chicago-based educational group . 
`` the biggest problem we have is that investors realize , after the fact , that they did n't understand what they were investing in . '' 
dr. blumenfeld concedes he did n't fully understand what he was buying . 
he says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon cd and that he had previously invested in UNKNOWN ( treasury income growth receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon treasury security sold by merrill lynch . 
but he says he did n't understand he was buying the cd on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks . 
the broker , thomas UNKNOWN of merrill lynch 's UNKNOWN , n.j. , office , refuses to discuss the matter with a reporter , referring inquiries to merrill lynch officials in new york . 
those officials say there was full disclosure of the risks in a `` fact sheet '' sent to all cd investors with their confirmation of sale . 
the fact sheet , dated april 9999 , says on page three : `` if the price paid for a cd purchased in the secondary market ... is higher than the UNKNOWN value in the case of zero-coupon cds , the difference ... is not insured ... . 
UNKNOWN involving zero-coupon cds are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . '' 
dr. blumenfeld says he does n't remember the UNKNOWN about premiums in the fact sheet he received and did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium . 
`` i assumed i was buying a cd as a cd , '' he says . 
nevertheless , merrill lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued dr. blumenfeld 's cd , UNKNOWN heritage federal savings & loan association in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , is liquidated and the cd terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium dr. blumenfeld paid . 
( federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation , to a maximum of $ 999,999 . ) 
`` it 's not a UNKNOWN commitment , it 's a UNKNOWN situation , '' says albert UNKNOWN , a managing director of merrill lynch money markets inc . 
`` there 's a question whether brokers at the time were fully aware '' of the risks . 
`` we were n't sure that full disclosure , as we wanted it , was being made . '' 
merrill lynch says it 's impossible to estimate how many investors are in dr. blumenfeld 's situation , although it says the firm has received only one other complaint about premiums on the secondary market in three years . 
merrill lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose cds it sells , which it did n't provide in 9999 . 
zero-coupon cds are only a small portion of the $ 9 UNKNOWN in cds outstanding , and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total . 
merrill lynch estimates that fewer than 99 financial institutions currently issue zero-coupon cds . 
still , there are several billion dollars of zero-coupon cds with various maturities outstanding . 
because of the tax consequences of zero-coupon investments -- income tax is payable in the year interest is accrued , although interest is n't actually paid until maturity -- zero-coupon cds are usually sold for UNKNOWN accounts to finance things like retirement and children 's education . 
most zero-coupon cds are in maturities of six to nine years , and they usually double in value by maturity . 
but investors who bought zero-coupon cds in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured . 
people who paid a premium for standard cds purchased on the secondary market could also find that those premiums are n't insured if the institutions that issued the cds failed . 
however , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon cds , and the UNKNOWN pricing structure of a standard cd makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
whatever the case , a merrill lynch spokesman UNKNOWN , investors should n't have to worry about the UNKNOWN premium issue , unless the bank or thrift that issued the cd is closed and its deposits paid off before maturity or transferred to another institution at a lower rate . 
dr. blumenfeld says he 's satisfied that his problem has been resolved . 
and he says he 's learned a lesson : `` you always have to watch out for UNKNOWN . 
no one else will watch out for you . 
americans are drinking less , but young professionals from australia to west germany are rushing to buy UNKNOWN american vodka , UNKNOWN and other spirits . 
in particular , many are UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN preferred by their parents and UNKNOWN for bourbon , the sweet UNKNOWN from the kentucky UNKNOWN . 
with u.s. liquor consumption declining steadily , many american producers are stepping up their marketing efforts abroad . 
and those efforts are paying off : spirits exports jumped more than 9 9\/9 times to $ 999.9 million in 9999 from $ 99.9 million in 9999 , according to the UNKNOWN spirits council of the u.s. , a trade group . 
`` spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , '' says michael UNKNOWN , president of beverage marketing corp. , a research and consulting firm . 
`` if you want to be a player , you have to be in america , europe and the far east . 
you must have UNKNOWN brands , a long-term perspective and deep pockets . '' 
the UNKNOWN of the industry has been UNKNOWN by foreign companies ' acquisitions of many u.s. producers . 
in recent years , for example , grand metropolitan plc of britain acquired UNKNOWN inc. , while another british company , guinness plc , took over united UNKNOWN group and UNKNOWN industries inc . 
but the shift has also been fueled by necessity . 
while UNKNOWN spirits like UNKNOWN vodka and jack daniel 's whiskey are UNKNOWN high in the u.s. , domestic spirits consumption fell 99 % to 999.9 million cases in 9999 from 999 million cases in 9999 . 
in recent years , growth has come in the foreign markets . 
u.s. UNKNOWN exports more than doubled last year to 999,999 proof UNKNOWN , a standard industry measure , according to UNKNOWN beverage alcohol group , an industry association . 
exports of UNKNOWN surged 99 % to 999,999 proof UNKNOWN . 
mexico is the biggest importer of both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN from the u.s. . 
japan , the world 's UNKNOWN liquor market after the u.s. and britain , helped american companies in april when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and UNKNOWN a tax on many domestic products . 
california UNKNOWN , benefiting from lowered trade barriers and federal marketing subsidies , are expanding aggressively into japan , as well as canada and great britain . 
in japan , the UNKNOWN are promoting their products ' pacific roots and UNKNOWN restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight . 
in australia , britain , canada and greece , brown-forman corp. has increased its marketing of southern comfort UNKNOWN . 
using UNKNOWN , television and print ads , the company pitches southern comfort as a grand old drink of the UNKNOWN american south . 
the biggest foreign UNKNOWN , though , have been made by bourbon . 
while u.s. makers of vodka , UNKNOWN and other spirits compete against UNKNOWN abroad , trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon . 
( all bourbon comes from kentucky , though jack daniel 's tennessee whiskey often is counted as bourbon because of UNKNOWN of taste . ) 
moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the u.s. , bourbon has become UNKNOWN in many foreign countries , a UNKNOWN american product tied to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
how was the west won ? 
with a UNKNOWN in one hand and bourbon in the other . 
`` we imagine with bourbon the wild west , western motion pictures and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice president of UNKNOWN international corp. , a division of UNKNOWN ltd. , japan 's largest liquor company . 
UNKNOWN distributes brown-forman UNKNOWN in japan . 
bourbon makes up just 9 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 99 % of u.s. liquor exports last year , according to UNKNOWN ; no other category had more than 99 % . 
big u.s. UNKNOWN are fiercely UNKNOWN for this market , which grew to $ 99 million last year from $ 99 million in 9999 , according to government figures . 
jim beam brands co. , a division of american brands inc. , is the leading UNKNOWN of bourbon and produces 99 other types of liquor . 
the company says it will increase its international advertising 99 % in 9999 , with bourbon representing most of that amount . 
guinness 's UNKNOWN industries unit has increased its tv advertising in japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout asia , enabling it to install prominent counter displays . 
the company 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN brand is the leading bourbon in japan , with 99 % of the market . 
bourbon UNKNOWN have succeeded in japan where other industries have failed , avoiding cultural UNKNOWN in marketing and distribution by UNKNOWN themselves with local agents . 
jim beam brands has a distribution partnership with UNKNOWN whiskey co. , a UNKNOWN . 
seagram co. , which exports four UNKNOWN bourbon , has such a link with UNKNOWN brewery co . 
some bourbon makers UNKNOWN abroad as they do at home . 
to promote jack daniel 's overseas , brown-forman uses the same photos of front UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN , va. , and UNKNOWN old men in UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
jim beam print ads , however , strike different UNKNOWN in different countries . 
in australia , land of the UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN of jim beam lies on a strip of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
west germans get UNKNOWN , with bourbon in the UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN beverly hills hotel in the background . 
ads for england are UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
one ad features a huge robot carrying a UNKNOWN woman in a UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN : `` i only asked if she wanted a jim beam . 
capital cities / abc inc. 's net income rose 99 % on a modest 9 % increase in revenue in the third quarter , mainly on strong advertising demand at its abc television network operation . 
demand for ads also rose at the eight tv stations capital cities owns and at its 99%-owned espn sports cable channel . 
the broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
revenue reached $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , capital cities closed at $ 999.99 , down $ 9 . 
the broadcasting unit reported operating profit of $ 999.9 million , up 99 % from the year-earlier $ 999.9 million . 
publishing reported operating profit was $ 99.9 million , nearly flat with the UNKNOWN $ 99 million . 
revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 99 % , to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the publishing unit reported revenue edged up 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
chairman thomas s. murphy cited capital cities ' nine daily newspapers in explaining most of the gain . 
the parent also publishes UNKNOWN , shopping UNKNOWN and specialty magazines . 
for 9999 's first nine months , capital cities net income grew 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 99.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 99.99 a share . 
revenue eased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
last week , abc UNKNOWN general electric co. 's national broadcasting co. unit as the no. 9 network , as rated by a.c. nielsen co . 
abc has four shows in the top 99 , including the top show , `` UNKNOWN . 
as part of a previously announced transaction , federal UNKNOWN corp. has bought approximately 999,999 shares of its common stock from UNKNOWN inc. at $ 99.99 a share . 
UNKNOWN has agreed not to acquire any securities of UNKNOWN for 99 years and not to influence company affairs during that period . 
UNKNOWN co. said it sold its UNKNOWN business to an affiliate of one of UNKNOWN 's largest UNKNOWN firms . 
terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN said its UNKNOWN business employs about 999 workers at two facilities in UNKNOWN , va. , and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
manville corp. said it will build a $ 99 million power plant to provide electricity to its UNKNOWN pulp and paper mill in brazil . 
the company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs . 
manville said it expects the plant to begin operating at the end of 9999 . 
housing and urban development secretary jack kemp called on the federal reserve system to lower interest rates . 
in a speech to the mortgage bankers association , mr. kemp broke the administration 's public UNKNOWN on the fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . '' 
`` i am convinced that a monetary policy for this country that would return interest rates to the historical level of 9 % or 9 % would have not only an immediate impact on housing starts , the housing stock , our industry in america , the UNKNOWN of our industrial system , it would help the third world economies considerably and it would particularly have a favorable impact upon our budget deficit , '' mr. kemp said . 
the fed recently eased credit by lowering the bellwether federal funds interest rate to 9 9\/9 % from about 9 % . 
bush administration officials say inflation is under control . 
with economic growth slowing , they say they believe the fed should ease credit even further . 
but for the most part , officials have avoided UNKNOWN those views in public , UNKNOWN they would UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the fed . 
mcdonald 's corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 99 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't UNKNOWN of the improvement . 
the world 's largest fast-food chain said net income rose to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
in the latest period , the company had an average of 999.9 million shares , 9.9 million shares below last year 's level . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN sales , which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores , totaled $ 9.99 billion compared with $ 9.9 billion . 
but sales for u.s. franchisees were flat at best on a UNKNOWN basis despite weak 9999 figures . 
compared with the first nine months of last year , average franchisee store sales this year were down nearly $ 9,999 , reflecting a fierce discounting war among fast-food chains . 
since mcdonald 's UNKNOWN prices rose this year , the actual decline may have been more . 
mcdonald 's closed at $ 99.999 , up $ 9 , in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday . 
while franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , mcdonald 's UNKNOWN stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per UNKNOWN unit rising $ 99,999 . 
one analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees , thus UNKNOWN promotional efforts . 
on average in the latest nine months , UNKNOWN units in the u.s. had $ 99,999 more in sales than did UNKNOWN outlets . 
there are more than three times as many UNKNOWN domestic outlets as there are company stores . 
profit margins at u.s. company-owned stores in the quarter were up nearly 9 % , which the company attributed in part to lower food costs . 
prudential-bache securities analyst UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said reduced labor costs helped boost margins , although she UNKNOWN `` that kind of performance is UNKNOWN . '' 
calling sales `` still relatively soft , '' ms. UNKNOWN believes that in real terms , u.s. sales slipped 9 9\/9 % to 9 % at UNKNOWN stores in the quarter . 
apparently UNKNOWN weaker u.s. sales UNKNOWN , mcdonald 's vowed `` to use our size and UNKNOWN to do all that is necessary to build the brand . '' 
overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago . 
third-quarter sales in europe were exceptionally strong , boosted by promotional programs and new products -- although weaker foreign currencies reduced the company 's earnings . 
mcdonald 's said that UNKNOWN sales would have been $ 999 million greater had 9999 exchange rates remained in effect . 
`` going into the fourth quarter the sales comparison will be more difficult , '' predicted restaurant analyst howard UNKNOWN of kidder , peabody & co . 
reflecting better growth prospects abroad , mcdonald 's noted that as of sept. 99 more stores were under construction overseas than a year ago , while the opposite was true for domestic expansion . 
at the end of the third quarter mcdonald 's had 99,999 units operating world-wide . 
in the nine months , earnings rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
carnival cruise lines inc. 's common stock was UNKNOWN down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would delay delivery of three big cruise ships . 
the UNKNOWN company 's stock fell $ 9.99 yesterday to $ 99.99 a share in heavy american stock exchange composite trading . 
early yesterday , carnival said in a company statement that it had been `` notified UNKNOWN '' that UNKNOWN marine industries , the UNKNOWN shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships , planned to file for bankruptcy . 
officials at carnival declined to comment . 
`` there is just a tremendous amount of uncertainty about what the effect , if any , of all this is , '' said john p. UNKNOWN , an analyst at raymond james associates inc . 
`` i did n't even know that a company in a UNKNOWN country could file for bankruptcy . '' 
carnival said the `` fantasy , '' the first of the three $ 999 million ships that carnival has on order , is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the caribbean . 
that ship , which would carry about 9,999 passengers , would expand the capacity of carnival 's existing UNKNOWN fleet by 99 % . 
the second ship , which is UNKNOWN , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 9999 , and the third in fall 9999 . 
`` there 's a 99 % chance that the fantasy will be delivered close to schedule , '' said UNKNOWN levy , an analyst at shearson lehman hutton inc . 
`` the others will probably be delivered as well , but carnival will likely have to pay a higher price for them . '' 
she said the company could pay as much as 99 % more for the ships . 
if the ships are n't delivered , however , it will likely have an effect on the company 's earnings as soon as the 9999 fiscal year , which begins dec. 9 . 
analysts said those estimates -- which range from about $ 9.99 a share to $ 9.99 a share -- are based on fantasy being in operation in 9999 . 
if the ship fails to UNKNOWN , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 99 cents or more . 
analysts were n't willing to speculate on how much money carnival might lose through deposits . 
normally , a company pays a portion of the total cost of a ship as it reaches various stages of construction . 
carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 999 million of the total cost for fantasy . 
some analysts say this may give it the right to seize the ship if the situation warrants it . 
according to reports from finland , UNKNOWN marine , 99%-owned by conglomerate UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , filed for bankruptcy yesterday after the shipyard 's contractors had started to demand bank guarantees . 
the shipyard disclosed in UNKNOWN that it expected losses stemming from a series of UNKNOWN orders . 
designer UNKNOWN garratt filed for chapter 9 bankruptcy code protection , saying that her cash flow had been cut off . 
the designer , whose line of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN clothing has spawned a host of UNKNOWN , has been in a dispute with her latest UNKNOWN , jerell inc. for several months . 
ms. garratt was the subject of a wall street journal article in march . 
the designer 's attorney , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , said that ms. garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . 
jerell paid ms. garratt UNKNOWN for the line known as multiples by UNKNOWN garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores . 
ms. garratt sued the dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that jerell developed and marketed clothing lines UNKNOWN after her designs , in violation of their contract . 
that lawsuit is still pending . 
jerell could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
ms. garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed . 
eaton corp. had a 99 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business . 
sales of medium and UNKNOWN trucks continue to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rates , leading eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said stephen r. UNKNOWN , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer . 
he declined to make a specific earnings estimate . 
third-quarter net was $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million , from $ 999.9 million . 
the quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because UNKNOWN sales did n't rebound in september from the summer UNKNOWN as they usually do , said UNKNOWN e. UNKNOWN , analyst with mcdonald & co . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 9.99 a share , says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 9.99 a share , from his previous estimate of $ 9.99 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of painewebber inc. , who a couple of weeks ago reduced his 9999 estimate to $ 9.99 a share because of the weakening truck market , says he will make another cut to about $ 9.99 a share in light of the third-quarter report . 
he said eaton 's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated . 
eaton said sales of truck UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and other parts fell 9.9 % to $ 999 million . 
sales of parts for cars and construction vehicles rose . 
eaton does n't provide profit figures separately for each category , but operating profit for vehicle parts as a group fell 99 % to $ 99 million on an about 9 % drop in sales to $ 999 million . 
mr. UNKNOWN said UNKNOWN operators appear to be cautious about buying new trucks until they see how the economy UNKNOWN . 
the truck sales slowdown reflects the general slowing in sales of consumer goods , he said , and the latest reports show a slight improvement rather than any indication of a downward UNKNOWN . 
operating profit from electrical and electronics controls , eaton 's other major business group , fell 99 % to $ 99 million , despite a 9.9 % increase in sales to $ 999 million . 
the company attributed the decline to weakness in the UNKNOWN market in north america and in the european UNKNOWN market . 
for the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 9999 an extraordinary charge of $ 99.9 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 9.9 % from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
eaton earned from continuing operations $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , down 9 % from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
nine-month sales were $ 9.99 billion , up 9.9 % from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , eaton closed at $ 99.99 a share , down $ 9.99 . 
in poland 's rapid shift from socialism to an UNKNOWN alternative , environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN local politics . 
initial steps were taken at poland 's first international environmental conference , which i attended last month . 
the conference , held in lower UNKNOWN , was UNKNOWN by the environment ministry , the rockefeller brothers fund , and the polish ecological club , and was attended by 99 poles from government and industry , as well as UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , japanese and americans . 
the conference was entitled `` economic UNKNOWN for environmental protection , '' a significant departure from east bloc usage , which UNKNOWN only one economic mechanism -- central planning -- to direct industrial behavior . 
even more UNKNOWN , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , UNKNOWN poland 's lack of UNKNOWN markets . 
why did east bloc participants unanimously UNKNOWN UNKNOWN pollution approaches ? 
the answer lies both in the UNKNOWN environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that UNKNOWN . 
like other east bloc countries , poland UNKNOWN environmental laws more UNKNOWN in their breach than in their UNKNOWN . 
according to a detailed report by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the university of minnesota 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN institute , 99 areas containing a third of poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological UNKNOWN '' due to multiple violations of standards . 
UNKNOWN are consistently exceeded at 99 % of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN monitoring sites and 99 % of those for dust and UNKNOWN emissions . 
UNKNOWN of poland 's UNKNOWN have become highly UNKNOWN ; 99 % of its southern UNKNOWN are projected to die by century 's end . 
between 9999 and 9999 , polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 99 % to 9 % of all surface waters , while those UNKNOWN even for industry use nearly doubled . 
poland produces about 99 times more UNKNOWN and five times more UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does western europe . 
its UNKNOWN rate for UNKNOWN over 99 is about 99 % higher than west germany 's , and 99 % higher in UNKNOWN areas than the national average . 
since 9999 , average annual growth rates for most UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN the growth of gnp . 
conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from ( a ) UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; ( b ) planned economies ' UNKNOWN to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and ( c ) the continuing stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more UNKNOWN use of energy and natural resources than in the west . 
they repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions . 
the solutions they formally proposed included lead / UNKNOWN taxes , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN incentives , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN pollution permits , an ecological bank to finance UNKNOWN credits , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully UNKNOWN for pollution control . 
a revolution takes more than conference UNKNOWN . 
indeed , skepticism was UNKNOWN captured by a UNKNOWN told by poles at the conference : `` the world must be coming to an end . 
the UNKNOWN are talking peace . 
the UNKNOWN are talking elections . 
and the poles are engaged in commerce . '' 
but the implications of such a shift to market approaches go well beyond the fact that poland is already working on nationwide emissions trades to reduce UNKNOWN pollution , or that the soviets plan to introduce marketable pollution permits in some UNKNOWN next year . 
those implications include : -- privatization . 
faced with a $ 99 billion foreign debt and UNKNOWN inflation , poland must UNKNOWN industry and eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance . 
UNKNOWN pollution control may UNKNOWN some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries . 
but it could also UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' by UNKNOWN industrial UNKNOWN , breaking up state UNKNOWN , giving managers a stake in solutions , and UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN is not UNKNOWN for failure to address environmental effects . 
-- UNKNOWN solutions . 
as conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be UNKNOWN through a broad UNKNOWN of compliance choices for individual firms . 
that means simple , clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction , UNKNOWN more complex issues such as risk . 
it also means use of UNKNOWN pollution limits such as UNKNOWN permits , rather than UNKNOWN limits such as UNKNOWN fees . 
that 's because UNKNOWN managers will likely respond better to UNKNOWN than to price signals . 
-- creative financing . 
even UNKNOWN environmental solutions will require billions of dollars . 
new types of financing must make funds available without UNKNOWN poland 's UNKNOWN reserves . 
-- UNKNOWN . 
east bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets . 
while polish data have been freely available since 9999 , it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information . 
for once information flows , public participation follows and UNKNOWN becomes difficult to UNKNOWN . 
-- global UNKNOWN . 
one UNKNOWN UNKNOWN declared that america has had a free market in goods but a planned economy for environmental protection , while poland represents the opposite . 
his point : it will be increasingly difficult for the u.s. to UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN measures if even the east bloc steps to a different UNKNOWN . 
at the moment , poland UNKNOWN 99th-century pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with UNKNOWN production , inadequate environmental management , and little ecological UNKNOWN . 
but the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
mr. UNKNOWN , former head of UNKNOWN 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his november column for the journal of the air and waste management association . 
disappointing earnings news from some technology companies UNKNOWN investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of apple computer , intel and many other UNKNOWN concerns . 
the drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 9.9 % slide by the nasdaq composite index . 
it finished at 999.99 , down 9.99 . 
the nervousness about the technology stock outlook also hurt the dow jones industrial average , which slipped about 9 % . 
mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the nasdaq 999 index of the otc 's largest UNKNOWN issues dropped 9.99 to 999.99 . 
the nasdaq financial index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 9.99 to 999.99 . 
some traders said the sell-off of technology stocks on low volume reflected a lack of conviction by investors . 
but charlie UNKNOWN , vice president in charge of otc trading at UNKNOWN financial in stamford , conn. , said the selling was UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's a quiet retreat , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's nothing dramatic , just a routine sell-off . '' 
some of it was due to UNKNOWN earnings from leading companies , he said . 
but some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues . 
yesterday 's volume of 999.9 million shares was far below last week 's UNKNOWN average of nearly 999 million . 
for october so far , daily volume is UNKNOWN 999.9 million , putting it on track to be the year 's busiest month . 
apple computer , which reported lackluster earnings friday , lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
UNKNOWN computer , which reported earnings late friday that were in line with a disappointing forecast , eased 9\/9 to 99 on 999,999 shares . 
investors apparently did n't like the news from UNKNOWN technologies either . 
it said net income was 99 cents a share in the third quarter , compared with 99 cents a share a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN 's stock dropped 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
other technology stocks that were weaker included intel , which fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares , UNKNOWN graphics , down 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares , sun microsystems , which slipped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and mci communications , down 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
microsoft , which last week rose to a record , fell victim to profit-taking , traders said , as it declined 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
conner peripherals was unchanged at 99 . 
among takeover stocks , jefferson smurfit jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after UNKNOWN holdings said the price to be paid to jefferson smurfit 's minority holders has been raised to $ 99 a share . 
the increase of $ 9.99 a share is being made to settle shareholder litigation relating to UNKNOWN 's tender offer . 
UNKNOWN holdings is a new company jointly owned by an affiliate of jefferson smurfit and a morgan stanley limited partnership . 
the jefferson smurfit affiliate , smurfit international UNKNOWN , holds about 99 % of the shares outstanding . 
these shares will be bought by UNKNOWN holdings at $ 99.99 each after the acquisition of the minority shares . 
another takeover target , lin broadcasting , eased 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
lin 's suitor , mccaw cellular communications , dropped 9 to 99 on almost 999,999 shares . 
some analysts say investors will begin paying more attention to earnings , partly in response to the latest round of disappointments . 
they say investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 99 % to 99 % . 
that would be good news for the otc market , some analysts say , because many small growth stocks are traded there . 
michael r. UNKNOWN , partner in charge of research at robertson UNKNOWN & co. in san francisco , said some investors have already made the switch . 
the robertson UNKNOWN index of 999 emerging growth stocks is up 99.9 % for the year through friday . 
the rise matches that of the dow jones industrials this year . 
`` it 's been a UNKNOWN year for the emerging growth stock investor , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
he predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with `` some kind of unique product or franchise '' that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum . 
he puts the otc market 's UNKNOWN , office club and UNKNOWN on the list . 
UNKNOWN , a maker of electronic patient monitoring systems , was up 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares yesterday , while retailing issue office club was unchanged at 99 9\/9 on 99,999 shares . 
UNKNOWN , another retailing stock , was off 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 on nearly 99,999 shares . 
other UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN analysts and money managers also had a mixed session . 
UNKNOWN american , a credit collection concern , jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on volume of 99,999 , and mail boxes UNKNOWN , a private postal services company , advanced 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on volume of 99,999 . 
but legent , a systems software stock , was down 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 99,999 shares . 
UNKNOWN , a computer UNKNOWN concern , fell 9 9\/9 to 99 on 999,999 shares . 
elsewhere , valley national continued its slide , dropping 9 9\/9 to 99 on 9.9 million shares . 
the arizona banking concern is facing difficulties related to weakness in the real estate market in the state . 
higher earnings helped some issues . 
amgen rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on almost 999,999 shares , and UNKNOWN financial jumped 9 to 99 on only 9,999 shares . 
why ca n't we teach our children to read , write and UNKNOWN ? 
it 's not that we do n't know how to , because we do . 
it 's that we do n't want to . 
and the reason we do n't want to is that effective education would require us to UNKNOWN some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular , as well as to violate some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN interests . 
these UNKNOWN so UNKNOWN our educational establishment , our media , our politicians , and even our parents that it seems almost UNKNOWN to challenge them . 
here is an example . 
if i were to ask a UNKNOWN of american parents , `` do you wish the UNKNOWN schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the UNKNOWN answer would be , `` yes , of course . '' 
but what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
no one can say . 
in practice , it ends up being UNKNOWN with a `` UNKNOWN '' that UNKNOWN the youngsters ' `` UNKNOWN . '' 
the result is a generation of young people whose UNKNOWN and intellectual incompetence is matched only by their good opinion of themselves . 
the whole notion of `` creativity '' in education was ( and is ) part and parcel of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN against disciplined instruction , which was ( and is ) regarded as `` UNKNOWN , '' a UNKNOWN and frustration of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the wonderful , if as yet UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN of all our children . 
it is not surprising that parents find this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN so attractive . 
fortunately , these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood , and they have enough common sense to know what that demands . 
their commitment to `` creativity '' can not survive UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
american education 's future will be determined by the degree to which we -- all of us -- allow this common sense to prevail over the UNKNOWN that we also share . 
the education establishment will fight against common sense every UNKNOWN of the way . 
the reasons are complex , but one simple reason ought not to be underestimated . 
`` UNKNOWN education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and UNKNOWN to teachers than is disciplined instruction . 
it is nice for teachers to think they are engaged in `` UNKNOWN development '' and even UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN those UNKNOWN tests with often disappointing results . 
it also provides teachers with a superior UNKNOWN as a `` profession , '' since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy . 
i myself took such courses in college , thinking i might end up a UNKNOWN . 
they could all fairly be described as `` UNKNOWN '' courses . 
but it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment . 
i know many UNKNOWN and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to UNKNOWN teaching . 
they may not be among the `` best and UNKNOWN '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition . 
but they need not be to do their jobs well . 
yes , we all can remember one or two truly UNKNOWN teachers from our school days . 
but our education UNKNOWN at the hands of those others , who were merely competent and UNKNOWN . 
in this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor . 
if he were UNKNOWN , he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place . 
if he is competent and UNKNOWN , he serves us well . 
our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
whether they are or are not UNKNOWN is a problem of equity ; it is not an educational problem . 
it is UNKNOWN libel on our teachers to think they would UNKNOWN our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more . 
it is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n't mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes . 
it is also the kind of libel politicians find useful , since it helps them strike a friendly UNKNOWN on behalf of an important constituency . 
but there is not one UNKNOWN of evidence that , other things being equal , salary UNKNOWN result in educational UNKNOWN . 
if there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it . 
if we wish to be serious about american education , we know exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do . 
there are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , and they are all sending us the same message . 
UNKNOWN , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
we really do know all we need to know , if only we could UNKNOWN this knowledge into our thinking . 
in this respect , it would be helpful if our political leaders were UNKNOWN , rather than UNKNOWN `` concerned . '' 
they are inevitably inclined to UNKNOWN the conventional UNKNOWN , since this is the least controversial option that is open to them . 
thus at the recent governors ' conference on education , gov. bill clinton of arkansas announced that `` this country needs a comprehensive UNKNOWN policy for children under five . '' 
a comprehensive development policy for governors over 99 would seem to be a more pressing need . 
what gov. clinton is UNKNOWN , in effect , is UNKNOWN the educational system down to the UNKNOWN years . 
whether desirable or not , this is a UNKNOWN program , not an educational program . 
we know that very early exposure to UNKNOWN improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly UNKNOWN away . 
let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- `` parental involvement '' is a bad idea . 
parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational UNKNOWN of their children . 
parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school . 
they should see to it that their kids do n't play UNKNOWN ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing UNKNOWN ; they should UNKNOWN the report card . 
if parents are UNKNOWN with a school , they should have the option of switching to another . 
-- `` community involvement '' is an even worse idea . 
here , the experience of new york city is UNKNOWN . 
locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the UNKNOWN of ambitious , generally UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN local politicians or UNKNOWN politicians . 
new york is in the process of trying to UNKNOWN itself from a 99-year-old commitment to this system of school UNKNOWN , even as chicago and other cities are moving to institute it . 
-- in most states , increasing expenditures on education , in our current circumstances , will probably make things worse , not better . 
the reason is simple : education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal . 
decades of educational research tell us UNKNOWN that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the UNKNOWN -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons . 
the new money flows into the already UNKNOWN administrative structure , which UNKNOWN itself UNKNOWN more and more paper work on the teachers . 
there is neither mystery nor UNKNOWN in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past UNKNOWN -- we now spend more per UNKNOWN than any other country in the world -- educational performance has declined . 
that is the way the system works . 
-- students should move up the educational UNKNOWN as their academic potential allows . 
no student should be permitted to be UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN school without having UNKNOWN the 9 UNKNOWN 's at the level that UNKNOWN 99 years ago . 
this means `` tracking , '' whose main purpose is less to permit the UNKNOWN youngsters to UNKNOWN ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less UNKNOWN get the necessary UNKNOWN for further study or for entering the modern world of work . 
the notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is UNKNOWN . 
the purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential . 
no one in his right mind actually believes that we all have an equal academic potential . 
-- it is generally desirable to use older UNKNOWN -- many of them , UNKNOWN , out of print -- rather than newer ones . 
the latter are UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , often UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and at best UNKNOWN . 
they are based on dubious psychological and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rather than on educational experience . 
one of the reasons american students do so poorly in UNKNOWN tests , as compared with british , french , german or japanese students , is the influence of the `` new UNKNOWN '' on american UNKNOWN and teaching methods . 
anyone who wants to appreciate just how UNKNOWN this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or UNKNOWN `` learning '' the UNKNOWN basis of UNKNOWN theory -- should read the article by UNKNOWN nelson ( himself a recent UNKNOWN major at harvard ) in the november american UNKNOWN . 
-- most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline . 
study after study -- the most recent from the UNKNOWN institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside UNKNOWN and are UNKNOWN by a powerful head . 
with that authority , of course , goes an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance . 
this is a fact -- though , in view of all the UNKNOWN that are UNKNOWN by this fact , it is not surprising that one UNKNOWN so little about it . 
mr. UNKNOWN , an american enterprise institute fellow , UNKNOWN the public interest and publishes the national interest . 
international business machines corp. unveiled a broad strategy to tackle the biggest problem that manufacturers face when computerizing their operations : most machines ca n't talk to each other . 
the company unveiled more than 99 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning . 
the aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations . 
manufacturers have already spent so heavily on UNKNOWN that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
but many manufacturers find that communication between different computers has been UNKNOWN nearly impossible by the UNKNOWN of computer UNKNOWN used by different machines , including UNKNOWN and machine tools . 
ibm 's announcement , which was expected and will formally be made to customers today , also marks an attempt to gain credibility on the plant floor , where digital equipment corp. has long dominated and where hewlett-packard co. has recently gained market share . 
consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the ibm strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products ibm unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter . 
sam albert , a consultant in UNKNOWN , n.y. , said that in the past ibm has developed broad software strategies only for problems that UNKNOWN industry lines . 
he said he believes ibm 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology . 
he said he expects ibm to unveil similar strategies for other industries in coming months . 
ibm 's push is also unusual in its approach to marketing . 
rather than just send out marketing people to UNKNOWN on customers ' doors , ibm is making several hundred of its own manufacturing people available to discuss specific needs . 
ibm 's manufacturing staff also will be able to provide software that ibm has developed UNKNOWN and will be able to form teams with a customer to jointly solve manufacturing problems . 
ibm can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems related to computer manufacturing , but it could also help customers on software to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents . 
`` we may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said george UNKNOWN , ibm 's top marketing official . 
japan 's big four securities firms posted UNKNOWN UNKNOWN results that UNKNOWN softer performance as a result of slower turnover on the tokyo stock exchange during july and august . 
figures for the period ended sept. 99 for the four largest brokerage firms -- nomura securities co. , daiwa securities co. , yamaichi securities co. and nikko securities -- also reflected a UNKNOWN to a fiscal year ending march 99 , replacing the 99-month term formerly finishing sept. 99 . 
as a result , brokerage house officials said , appropriate comparisons from the same period a year earlier were UNKNOWN . 
operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period . 
the statistics follow a UNKNOWN rebound in consolidated and UNKNOWN results in the full fiscal year ended in march 9999 , recovering from dismal results in the prior fiscal year as a result of the october 9999 stock market crash . 
nomura said its pretax profits inched up 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen ( us$ 9.99 billion ) from 999.99 billion yen in the six months ended march 99 . 
total operating profit fell 9.9 % to 999.9 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
net income , however , rose 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
per-share net rose to 99.99 yen from 99.99 yen . 
daiwa said its pretax profits surged 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen in the preceding six-month term . 
operating profit rose 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
net income jumped 99 % to 99.99 billion yen from 99.99 billion yen . 
per-share net rose to 99.99 yen from 99.99 yen . 
yamaichi said its pretax profit increased 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
operating profit rose 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
net income surged 99 % to 99.99 billion yen from 99.99 billion yen . 
per-share net rose to 99.99 yen from 99.99 yen . 
nikko 's pretax profit rose 9.9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
operating profit rose 9 % to 999.99 billion yen from 999.99 billion yen . 
net income rose 99 % to 99.99 billion yen from 99.99 billion yen . 
per-share net rose to 99.99 yen from 99.99 yen . 
UNKNOWN energy corp. of dallas said it will drop its $ UNKNOWN , or $ 999 million , offer for tesoro petroleum corp. if the two companies do n't have an agreement to merge by dec. 99 . 
UNKNOWN , which made its offer in august , said it still is awaiting a response to its offer from tesoro 's board . 
UNKNOWN also said that its financing from bankers trust co. has been extended until dec. 99 to give tesoro 's board time to consider the offer at a tesoro board meeting scheduled for UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , which owns about 999 retail gas stations , has said it is particularly interested in tesoro 's refinery because it would fill a gap in its business . 
however , tesoro , based in houston , already has rejected a suitor in the past year . 
francis d. john , 99-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
he succeeds paul j. UNKNOWN , 99 , who will remain chairman . 
national environmental also said it will move its headquarters from UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN , pa. , the site of its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN facility . 
national environmental , formerly UNKNOWN cos. , is a UNKNOWN treatment company . 
eagle clothes inc. , which is operating under chapter 99 of the federal bankruptcy code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors . 
under the accord , albert roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and arthur chase , sam UNKNOWN , and louis UNKNOWN will resign as officers and directors of the UNKNOWN retailer . 
mr. roth , who has been on leave from his posts , will be succeeded by UNKNOWN d. UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN management inc. , which is eagle 's crisis manager . 
mr. UNKNOWN is currently co-chief executive . 
arnold levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member . 
eagle also said it received a commitment for as much as $ 9 million in financing from norfolk capital group inc . 
in addition , a norfolk affiliate , york capital inc. , will purchase all of the interests of eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 99.9 million , and guarantee as much as $ 9.9 million in payments to eagle 's unsecured creditors . 
a committee representing the unsecured creditors agreed to accept 99 cents on the dollar , eagle said . 
the plan would extend the period under which eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
it would UNKNOWN all of eagle 's existing capital stock and issue new stock to york as sole holder . 
a bankruptcy court hearing is set for nov. 9 on these UNKNOWN . 
in its bankruptcy-law UNKNOWN , filed in u.s. bankruptcy court in manhattan , eagle said its problems began in 9999 and early 9999 when its UNKNOWN lender , bankers trust co. , reduced its credit line . 
in september 9999 , eagle acquired UNKNOWN clothing inc. , a closely held new york chain operated under the bonds name . 
eagle 's management retired and UNKNOWN 's management took control of the company . 
at the time , eagle reached a new credit agreement with bankers trust and with bank UNKNOWN trust co. of new york for $ 9 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with first century partners and UNKNOWN management for $ 9 million . 
but eagle said the financing was UNKNOWN and sales during the past fiscal year UNKNOWN . 
under chapter 99 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts . 
standard & poor 's corp. said it would add john h. UNKNOWN co. , an atlanta check UNKNOWN , to its 999-stock index , effective at the close of trading on wednesday . 
american medical international inc. , a new york hospital operator , will be UNKNOWN from the index at that time . 
american medical is being acquired . 
the tougher new regulations under the savings-and-loan bailout law are accelerating the thrift industry 's shrinking act . 
largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 99.9 billion in august , by selling such assets as mortgage-backed securities and loans . 
industry assets as of aug. 99 were $ 9.99 trillion , the lowest since august 9999 . 
as thrifts sell assets to improve their UNKNOWN ratio , as required under the new law passed in august , they must also reduce liabilities , such as deposits . 
as interest rates paid UNKNOWN were lowered , thrift withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 9.9 billion , not including interest credited to accounts . 
it was the third consecutive month in which thrifts shed assets to increase the size of their capital in UNKNOWN to their assets , the office of thrift supervision said . 
the asset UNKNOWN was particularly concentrated in several large california institutions . 
`` the UNKNOWN of the thrift industry is well under way , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an industry consultant in UNKNOWN , va . 
`` this suggests the bailout law is having a more dramatic effect than anyone would have UNKNOWN so soon . '' 
james UNKNOWN , an economist with the office of thrift supervision , also attributed some of the UNKNOWN to seasonal factors . 
`` august is a month when people are paying school tuition , '' he said . 
`` that and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry . '' 
not including thrifts under government conservatorship , UNKNOWN reduced their assets by $ 99.9 billion from the previous month , and deposit UNKNOWN totaled $ 9.9 billion . 
for the 999 insolvent thrifts under government management at the end of august , assets declined by $ 9.9 billion and withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 9.9 billion . 
thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 9.9 billion in august from the prior month . 
as of aug. 99 , thrifts held $ 999 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
the deposit numbers for august marked a swing back to huge UNKNOWN after a july net deposit UNKNOWN of $ 99 million -- the only net UNKNOWN in more than a year . 
deposits are n't expected to exceed withdrawals in the foreseeable future , as the industry continues to UNKNOWN . 
`` i think we are going to see deposit UNKNOWN continue , unless we see big changes in rates , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
for the first eight months of 9999 , thrifts ' withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 99.9 billion . 
for the prior year , deposits exceeded withdrawals by $ 9.9 billion . 
the estimates of real gross national product prepared by the bureau of economic analysis in the department of commerce significantly UNKNOWN the rate of economic growth . 
since the bureau 's estimates for the business sector provide the UNKNOWN for the productivity ratios calculated by the department of labor , underestimated growth rates UNKNOWN depress official productivity statistics . 
if this UNKNOWN is correct , it has important implications for UNKNOWN policies : it may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real gnp . 
it would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the federal reserve system , and the informed public generally , as to what UNKNOWN a reasonable degree of price stability . 
in the early 9999s , i predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade . 
this forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as UNKNOWN changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 9999s . 
there has indeed been more than a one percentage point improvement in productivity growth since 9999 . 
but i had expected more , which is one reason i began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates . 
the evidence does not clearly support the view that the downward bias in output growth has become greater during the 9999-99 period , but all i am claiming is that the growth trend is UNKNOWN . 
( it is , however , possible , that further study will reveal increasing bias . ) 
this bias is in no way UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN of growth is due largely to the conservative UNKNOWN adopted to deal with UNKNOWN in basic economic data . 
the first of three major sources of error is the use of labor UNKNOWN estimates ( mainly employment or hours ) instead of output estimates for those sectors , such as governments , paid household services and private non-profit institutions , where there are difficulties in UNKNOWN output data . 
this means that no UNKNOWN is made for possible increases in output per unit of labor . 
in an UNKNOWN program in which the labor department does estimate output per employee for more than two-thirds of federal UNKNOWN employees , it found an average annual rate of productivity improvement of 9.9 % during the 9999s . 
even if it is assumed that productivity rose no more than half as quickly in the rest of the UNKNOWN sector , this labor department estimate indicates a downward bias in the real gnp estimates of 9.9 percentage point a year , on average . 
the federal productivity UNKNOWN use labor UNKNOWN , rather than output , data for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well . 
independent estimates of output in those industries , including one by the department of labor for banking , suggests that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 9.9 % a year between 9999 and 9999 . 
because finance and services contribute 99 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements UNKNOWN the overall growth rate by 9.99 % a year . 
the second source of error in growth statistics is the use of inappropriate UNKNOWN to adjust for price changes . 
i estimate that these UNKNOWN as detailed by martin n. UNKNOWN and robert j. gordon add a further 9.99 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product . 
finally , the official estimates UNKNOWN growth because they make inadequate UNKNOWN for improvements in quality of goods and services . 
in 9999 , a new price index for computers adjusted for changes in performance UNKNOWN was introduced , and that resulted in a significantly larger increase in real outlays for durable goods than the earlier estimates had showed . 
since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 9.99 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate . 
in sum , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN above indicate a 9.9 percentage point UNKNOWN in growth of total real gnp . 
for the private domestic business economy , the bias was a bit over 9.9 percentage point . 
in other words , the growth rates of both total gnp and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 99 % . 
mr. UNKNOWN is professor UNKNOWN of economics at george washington university . 
he is UNKNOWN of `` personal productivity : how to increase your satisfaction in living '' ( UNKNOWN sharp , 9999 ) . 
union carbide corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 99 % from a year earlier on weakness in the company 's mainstay chemicals and plastics business . 
net was $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales were $ 9.99 billion , up 9.9 % from $ 9.99 billion the previous year . 
carbide , like other companies with a heavy reliance on the so-called commodity end of the chemicals industry , was expected to post earnings sharply lower than in an exceptionally strong 9999 third quarter . 
but the company 's latest quarter was a few UNKNOWN a share lower than the more UNKNOWN projections on wall street . 
`` it certainly was n't a disaster , but it does show weakness '' in some of the company 's chief markets , said george UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN analyst at oppenheimer & co . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , carbide closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99 cents . 
prices for polyethylene , a common plastic and an important carbide product , started to fall early this year ; the slide accelerated in the third quarter as buyers continued to trim inventories . 
prices also fell for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , products used in making UNKNOWN . 
some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts . 
the first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective . 
a carbide spokesman said `` the conditions are right for the increase to hold . '' 
for the third quarter , operating profit from carbide 's chemicals and plastics business fell to $ 999 million from $ 999 million a year ago , before accounting for taxes and interest expense . 
operating profit from carbon products , such as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , also declined , to $ 9 million from $ 99 million . 
in the UNKNOWN segment , operating profit climbed to $ 99 million from $ 99 million . 
the latest quarter included a gain of about $ 99 million on the sale of the company 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN businesses . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are used in making UNKNOWN products such as UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are used in making the UNKNOWN foam found in furniture UNKNOWN and other products . 
that gain was mostly offset by a loss of about $ 99 million from a write-down in its UNKNOWN business . 
UNKNOWN is used in making integrated UNKNOWN . 
for the nine months , net totaled $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 9 % from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
at least 99 states are UNKNOWN drexel burnham lambert inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders . 
the UNKNOWN of some states to let drexel off the hook could UNKNOWN the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six UNKNOWN last month , say several people familiar with the discussions . 
up to now , drexel has made a UNKNOWN series of settlements with 99 states and the commonwealth of puerto rico . 
just yesterday , new hampshire announced it made a $ 99,999 settlement with drexel , a UNKNOWN fine for a UNKNOWN matter in that state . 
these states have been entering into settlements with drexel as part of the firm 's efforts to operate freely anywhere in the u.s. despite its record as an admitted UNKNOWN . 
but individuals familiar with the generally successful drexel talks say the firm is meeting resistance from some big states , including new jersey , new york , california , pennsylvania , connecticut and missouri . 
officials in some of these states say they do n't want to simply accept the settlements offered by drexel . 
they question if drexel is getting easier treatment than the many small UNKNOWN firms whose brokerage licenses are routinely revoked . 
drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea and a related civil settlement with the securities and exchange commission that includes payment of $ 999 million in penalties . 
these stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on wall street . 
ohio , the district of columbia , tennessee and illinois have been less UNKNOWN to drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
drexel says it does n't expect any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked , and even if some are , its securities business would n't be directly hurt . 
it already has sold its retail , or UNKNOWN , brokerage network ; securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses for UNKNOWN activities such as investment banking . 
still , if nothing else , a revoked brokerage license could be a burden because it must be disclosed in many of the transactions in which drexel could be involved . 
securities regulators UNKNOWN drexel for its energetic effort , led by UNKNOWN general counsel saul s. cohen , to settle its legal problems with the states . 
but they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public . 
`` there was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , '' said susan bryant , oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the north american securities administrators association , which drafted a UNKNOWN settlement plan for the states with drexel . 
the question , she said , is whether drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . '' 
while ms. bryant 's state went ahead and accepted drexel 's settlement offer of $ 99,999 , she said : `` i do n't have any argument with those who came to different UNKNOWN . 
i can see both sides . '' 
similarly , alfred UNKNOWN , new hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about drexel , so it really could n't press the issue . 
still , `` i understand the reasons '' that other states are holding out , he said . 
mr. cohen , the drexel general counsel , said , `` i do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
asked about states that are taking a hard line , he said , `` there are states that have asked for additional information , which we are providing to them . '' 
mr. cohen said more than $ 9.9 million has been paid to 99 states and that drexel still expects to pay out a total of $ 99.9 million . 
by the end of this week , drexel should have another three to four settlements , mr. cohen said . 
`` the rate we 're going , i think that by the end of the month , we 're looking to have a total of 99 to 99 , '' he said . 
that total would be important for drexel . 
the investment bank has previously announced that as part of its UNKNOWN it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry . 
a UNKNOWN to that promise is that a minimum of 99 states reach settlement agreements before next tuesday . 
there are , according to several securities UNKNOWN , at least 99 states that are either close to settlements with drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of drexel 's business in the state . 
new jersey , for example , was asked to accept $ 999,999 , but refused . 
the state is n't ruling out UNKNOWN drexel 's brokerage license . 
the state can also bar drexel as an investment adviser . 
state officials wo n't describe their position in detail , but james UNKNOWN smith , state securities chief , said : `` we really are still looking at it and have informed ( drexel ) that the proposal is really not sufficient for settlement . '' 
connecticut already has issued a `` notice of intent '' to revoke drexel 's brokerage license . 
it is one of the states that have met with mr. cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters . 
`` this particular issue goes to the very integrity of the UNKNOWN market , '' state banking commissioner howard brown said . 
a banking department spokesman added : `` commissioner brown does n't feel that money alone is the issue here . '' 
particularly UNKNOWN are the cases of new york , which is drexel 's base , and california , the base of drexel 's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm 's legal difficulties . 
neither state has settled , and officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons for not doing so . 
but drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials . 
ms. bryant , the head of the state securities group , said drexel has done a better job of settling with the states than UNKNOWN hutton did after its guilty plea to a massive UNKNOWN scheme several years ago . 
still , she said , drexel 's trouble with some states is n't a bad thing . 
`` this process should point out that it 's not going to be easy for a firm that 's convicted of a felony to immediately jump back into the retail business , '' ms. bryant said . 
`` we need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
these are the 99 states , including the commonwealth of puerto rico , that have settled with drexel : alaska , arkansas , delaware , georgia , hawaii , UNKNOWN , indiana , iowa , kansas , kentucky , maine , maryland , minnesota , mississippi , new hampshire , new mexico , north UNKNOWN , oklahoma , oregon , south carolina , south UNKNOWN , utah , vermont , washington , UNKNOWN and puerto rico . 
time warner inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 cents a share , reflecting acquisition costs for a 99.9 % stake in warner communications inc. and the purchase method of accounting for the transaction . 
separately , warner reported a net loss of $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 999 million and $ 999 million in charges associated with UNKNOWN compensation plans . 
time warner is in the process of completing its acquisition of the remaining warner shares . 
time warner UNKNOWN in a news release that it should be UNKNOWN based on its cash flow , which the company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and UNKNOWN . 
on a UNKNOWN basis , assuming the merger was effective UNKNOWN 9 , 9999 , including the results from both time inc. and all of warner , that cash flow figure would be $ 999 million for the latest quarter , more than double the comparable figure a year ago , or $ 999 million , according to time warner . 
some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't UNKNOWN by the losses . 
`` what really matters is the operating income of the divisions : i look at these numbers and i say , these businesses are doing well , '' said mark UNKNOWN , a vice president of donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities corp . 
`` for example , warner made more than $ 999 million from UNKNOWN entertainment in three months . 
that 's a big number . 
warner also had a gain of more than 99 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . '' 
in the year-ago third quarter , time on its own reported net income of $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
combined revenue for the latest quarter of time warner was $ 9.9 billion , compared with the year-ago time revenue of $ 9.9 billion . 
on a pro UNKNOWN basis , including all of warner 's earnings , time warner had a third-quarter loss of $ 999 million , compared with a $ 999 million loss a year earlier . 
on the same basis , revenue rose to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
for the third quarter , warner 's $ 999 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue rose to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
the 9999 figures were restated to include the results of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , which warner acquired in january . 
time warner 's operating earnings got a boost from warner 's record UNKNOWN results . 
`` batman '' alone has UNKNOWN up more than $ 999 million in UNKNOWN receipts to date , making it warner UNKNOWN . ' largest UNKNOWN film ever . 
`` UNKNOWN weapon ii '' was also a big hit . 
warner also contributed record results from its music business , where unit sales of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rose more than 99 % from a year ago , the company said , helped by prince 's `` batman '' UNKNOWN . 
time warner said its cable division turned in a 99 % increase in operating cash flow , to $ 999 million from $ 99 million , reflecting higher UNKNOWN revenue . 
in addition , the 9999 results included a $ 99 million charge reflecting a reserve for relocation related expenses at american television & communications corp . 
on the other hand , time warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the home box office programming division . 
in magazines , higher advertising revenues at sports illustrated and fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
the programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 99 million dividend from turner broadcasting system and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the nov. 99 launch of hbo 's comedy channel . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , time warner closed at $ 999.999 a share , up $ 9.999 , while warner closed at $ 99.999 a share , up 99.9 cents . 
robert j. UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer , will take early retirement from this steelmaker dec 99 . 
william s. UNKNOWN , chairman , said mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , would continue as a consultant and would work with the board in UNKNOWN a successor . 
UNKNOWN recently emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings that left 99 % of the UNKNOWN company 's common stock in the hands of UNKNOWN of an UNKNOWN claims trust . 
the company said it would have no further comment . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs . 
his father , david s. UNKNOWN , was chairman and chief executive until his death in an accident five years ago , at which time mr. UNKNOWN was named president . 
some house democrats are trying to head off an appointment by president bush to the board that UNKNOWN the savings-and-loan bailout , UNKNOWN that the prospective UNKNOWN is the head of troubled banks himself . 
four democrats on the house banking committee sent president bush a letter stating their concerns about the expected appointment of james simmons , an arizona banker and former UNKNOWN for mr. bush , to the oversight board of the resolution trust corp . 
the oversight board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in august , sets policy for the rtc , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets . 
treasury secretary nicholas brady , federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan and housing and urban development secretary jack kemp are members of the board . 
president bush must UNKNOWN two other members , one a democrat and one a republican . 
an administration official confirmed last week that mr. simmons , the chairman of valley national bank in phoenix , is the republican UNKNOWN , and that a security UNKNOWN was under way . 
the democratic UNKNOWN has n't been determined , the official said . 
mr. simmons declined to comment , and the white house said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
the letter , dated last thursday , cited the losses at valley national , and at united bank , also of phoenix , where mr. simmons was chairman for 99 years . 
both banks have been battered , as have other arizona banks , by falling real estate prices . 
valley national , for example , had $ 999 million in problem assets as of june . 
`` we believe that there are numerous other candidates more UNKNOWN for this important position and we encourage you to give them your UNKNOWN consideration before making this key rtc appointment , '' the letter said . 
`` the rtc needs the most able , competent management available . '' 
but mr. simmons has long ties to both republicans and banking . 
he was co-chairman of mr. bush 's arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for mr. bush in the 9999 election . 
the two met more than 99 years ago , when mr. simmons worked for commercial bank & trust co. of midland , texas , where mr. bush was an organizing director . 
in 9999 , mr. simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by william seidman , chairman of the federal deposit insurance corp. and the resolution trust corp . 
that committee determined to open arizona to banking across state lines . 
arizona trend magazine referred to mr. simmons this year as one of the 99 most influential people in the state . 
the letter to mr. bush was signed by UNKNOWN bruce UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN ) , the chairman of the banking committee 's rtc task force , thomas UNKNOWN ( d. , md. ) , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( d. , md . ) and paul UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) . 
UNKNOWN w. UNKNOWN , a vice chairman of this bank-holding company , was named to the additional position of chairman of its principal unit , UNKNOWN bank . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit . 
UNKNOWN also named john b. werner a vice chairman of the parent company and the unit and elected him to the newly created position of chief credit officer of UNKNOWN financial , increasing the number of corporate board members to 99 . 
mr. werner , 99 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit . 
moody 's investors service inc. said it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company . 
the UNKNOWN concern cited the bank 's move into the texas market , noting its profitability and capital UNKNOWN measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance . 
moody 's also said it raised its rating on the deposit insurance bridge bank , now known as bank one , texas UNKNOWN , reflecting the support of other banking affiliates and substantial assistance for the UNKNOWN . 
officials at the new york bank-holding company were n't available for comment on the UNKNOWN changes . 
at lloyd 's of london , underwriters still UNKNOWN out policies using UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN paper . 
visitors are UNKNOWN into the premises by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN known as UNKNOWN , a reminder of the insurance market 's UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN in 99th century london . 
such UNKNOWN suggest a UNKNOWN past but give no hint of a troubled present . 
lloyd 's , once a UNKNOWN of the world insurance market , is being UNKNOWN to its very foundation . 
the UNKNOWN exchange is battered by enormous claims from a UNKNOWN run of unprecedented disasters , the most recent of which is last week 's earthquake in california 's bay area . 
at the same time , lloyd 's is UNKNOWN by disgruntled investors and UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN but UNKNOWN ways of conducting business . 
the exchange is gradually being squeezed into narrow , UNKNOWN segments of the market by less UNKNOWN competitors . 
`` lloyd 's is on the ropes , '' says peter UNKNOWN , a lloyd 's investor for 99 years who now leads a dissident group threatening to sue exchange underwriters for alleged UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
`` it needs more discipline . 
it needs to sort itself out . '' 
most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the UNKNOWN investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 999 syndicates , underwrite policies . 
some 9,999 members quit the exchange last year , more than triple the number of resignations in 9999 . 
names are UNKNOWN at an even faster pace this year . 
lackluster returns are one reason . 
the average after-tax return on investment in 9999 , the most recent year for which results are available , was 9.9 % , according to UNKNOWN ltd. , an insurance consulting firm in london . 
in 9999 , it was 9.9 % . 
between 9999 and 9999 , the most recent five-year period for which figures are available , lloyd 's reported over # 9.9 billion in claims and reserves against future losses ( $ 9.9 billion at today 's exchange rates ) , more than double the # 9.99 billion posted in the previous five-year period . 
many of the 99,999 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange 's most basic UNKNOWN , the concept of UNKNOWN personal liability . 
investors may UNKNOWN huge profits when premiums exceed claims , but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe . 
and UNKNOWN are getting ever more costly . 
lloyd 's claims for the 9999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN disaster in the north sea , for instance , may reach $ 9 billion . 
during the five-year period ended 9999 , roughly 99 % of the names had money tied up in UNKNOWN syndicates , according to UNKNOWN consultants . 
the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN liability UNKNOWN large for a number of them now . 
`` i have UNKNOWN i could die and be out of it -- that 's how bad it is , '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a secretary from suburban london , says . 
ms. UNKNOWN , whose lloyd 's membership was a bonus from a former employer in 9999 , UNKNOWN to mr. UNKNOWN 's dissident group on the UNKNOWN syndicate , which has been hard hit by asbestos reinsurance claims . 
ms. UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN # 99,999 , or about $ 99,999 , of insurance coverage on that syndicate , now faces potential losses of roughly # 99,999 , or $ 999,999 . 
`` if lloyd 's wants # 99,999 out of me they will have to take everything i 've got -- and even then i do n't know if it will be enough , '' she says . 
UNKNOWN is widespread among exchange members . 
`` i ca n't think of any reason to join lloyd 's now , '' says keith whitten , a british businessman and a lloyd 's member since 9999 . 
`` the UNKNOWN is very considerable , and at the moment the upside is very marginal . '' 
if profits do n't improve , mr. whitten says he may quit the exchange . 
meanwhile , competition from rivals UNKNOWN by history is UNKNOWN . 
lloyd 's is being squeezed out of UNKNOWN but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance . 
over the past decade , competitors have UNKNOWN away at the exchange 's share of the # 9.9 billion marine market in london , where half the world 's ships are insured . 
lloyd 's 99 % stake in that market has UNKNOWN to 99 % in that period , according to an official at the institute of london underwriters , a lloyd 's competitor . 
( the official asked not to be named . ) 
much of the business has gone to the institute , an association of more than 999 insurers , including cigna corp. , allianz UNKNOWN ag of west germany and britain 's commercial union assurance plc . 
lloyd 's has UNKNOWN decades of UNKNOWN decline . 
at the peak of its power and influence a century ago , lloyd 's dominated the insurance world with a 99 % stake . 
it virtually UNKNOWN how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a UNKNOWN intelligence network in UNKNOWN around the globe . 
today , lloyd 's share of the world market , excluding life insurance , is about 9 % . 
( its stake is even smaller if life insurance is included . ) 
bigger rivals , such as aetna and allianz , backed by UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN using computers in hundreds of branches , operate more UNKNOWN and often can offer lower rates , brokers say . 
though lloyd 's UNKNOWN such UNKNOWN policies as worker 's compensation insurance , UNKNOWN insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business . 
beyond that , many big oil , chemical and airline companies are UNKNOWN off big UNKNOWN of the market by UNKNOWN themselves through `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN companies for UNKNOWN coverage . 
even lloyd 's specialty -- unusually risky ventures -- is being UNKNOWN . 
only 99 years ago , for instance , lloyd 's was the UNKNOWN insurer of thoroughbred horses . 
but since 9999 , UNKNOWN horse insurance inc. of lexington , ky. has grabbed a 99 % stake of the market . 
ronald UNKNOWN , president , says lloyd 's has suffered because its structure does n't allow underwriters to deal directly with clients ; brokers are required UNKNOWN . 
thus , he asserts , lloyd 's ca n't react quickly to competition . 
`` lloyd 's has lost control of the situation , '' he says . 
`` they are n't controlling their UNKNOWN like they used to . '' 
murray lawrence , lloyd 's chairman , agrees the exchange faces big challenges . 
`` this is a UNKNOWN time , and we are trying to plot our way ahead , '' he says . 
`` we have been a great market for UNKNOWN risks which other people then take , UNKNOWN and cut rates . '' 
lloyd 's , he says , is cut off from `` the vast body of premium down at the bottom end which acts as a UNKNOWN influence '' against catastrophic losses . 
by that , he means UNKNOWN but UNKNOWN products such as certain types of primary property insurance . 
the exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets . 
that wo n't be an easy task . 
tradition is dictator at lloyd 's . 
three years ago , the exchange took up residence in a UNKNOWN tower of steel and glass -- UNKNOWN of the kind of modern architecture that britain 's prince charles has UNKNOWN . 
( some exchange UNKNOWN call the building `` the oil UNKNOWN . '' ) 
but along with such UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as lord nelson 's UNKNOWN , lloyd 's also brought its UNKNOWN ways of doing business . 
the lloyd 's market actively UNKNOWN insurance just 9 9\/9 hours a day , brokers say . 
underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 99 a.m . 
a UNKNOWN lunch break follows . 
things wind down at about 9:99 p.m. , just in time for afternoon tea . 
lloyd 's vast trading hall houses a warren of UNKNOWN desks . 
the hall 's few computers are used mostly to send messages . 
UNKNOWN between desks , underwriters sit on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN of policies . 
brokers UNKNOWN thick UNKNOWN stand in lines , waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters . 
a broker may have to approach as many as 99 underwriters who UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN on behalf of the syndicates . 
it could take six months for a claim to be paid . 
`` the system , '' says nicholas UNKNOWN , a lloyd 's broker who left the exchange in 9999 , `` is so UNKNOWN UNKNOWN it drives you UNKNOWN . '' 
some maintain underwriters also have been UNKNOWN . 
john UNKNOWN , a lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 99 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 9999 to 9999 . 
`` how UNKNOWN we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation , '' he says . 
lloyd 's officials decline to comment on the matter . 
more recently , property rates have increased . 
many at lloyd 's expect the san francisco earthquake will cause the industry to boost rates even further . 
but it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters . 
the magnitude of the exchange 's problems may not become known for some time because of lloyd 's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims . 
lloyd 's only recently reported its financial results for 9999 . 
that year , it posted record pretax profit of # 999 million , a gain it UNKNOWN to higher rates and fewer claims . 
but mr. lawrence says reported profit will be down in 9999 , 9999 and 9999 , though he declines to specify how steep the decline will be . 
insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be UNKNOWN by more than $ 999 million in aviation losses ( including the 9999 pan am airline disaster over UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN ) and a UNKNOWN chunk of claims from september 's hurricane hugo . 
lloyd 's says the departures of names is n't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity , currently about # 99 billion . 
mr. lawrence says the drain of funds has been offset by an increase in investments by the remaining names . 
meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs . 
( it recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 999 . ) 
but lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN modern technology . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the underwriter , reckons half of his business could be UNKNOWN by computer , cutting costs at least 99 % . 
though lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
competition among underwriters and brokers makes them UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN price and policy information . 
both groups UNKNOWN to traditional UNKNOWN dealings , even for routine policies . 
lloyd 's UNKNOWN bureaucracy also UNKNOWN efforts to UNKNOWN marketing strategies . 
some underwriters have been pressing for years to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN business by selling some policies directly to consumers . 
lloyd 's UNKNOWN sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the u.k. and canada . 
but such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before being implemented . 
the proposal to sell directly to the public remains UNKNOWN in bureaucratic UNKNOWN . 
lloyd 's is moving forward on some fronts , though . 
mr. lawrence says the exchange is UNKNOWN some procedures to make UNKNOWN payments on claims . 
by next year , all underwriters will be linked to a communications network that could reduce paper work on claims . 
japan 's daiwa securities co. named UNKNOWN dozen president . 
mr. dozen succeeds UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who will become vice chairman . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN retains his title of chairman of daiwa , japan 's second-largest securities firm . 
in japanese firms , the president usually is in charge of day-to-day operations , while the chairman 's role is more a UNKNOWN one . 
the title of chief executive officer is n't used . 
while people within daiwa , particularly UNKNOWN , expected that mr. dozen , 99 , would eventually become daiwa 's president , the speed of his promotion surprised many . 
it was only earlier this year that the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN executive -- he likes to UNKNOWN with americans about how his name is UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN -- was appointed deputy president . 
mr. dozen is taking over the UNKNOWN of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing . 
daiwa is one of the world 's largest securities firms . 
as of march 99 , the daiwa group had shareholder equity of 999.99 billion yen ( $ 9.99 billion ) . 
for the six months ended sept. 99 , daiwa reported UNKNOWN ( parent company ) net income of 99.99 billion yen ( $ 999.9 million ) on revenue of 999.99 billion yen ( $ 9.99 billion ) . 
both figures were record highs . 
several observers interpreted mr. dozen 's appointment as an attempt by daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition . 
all of japan 's so-called big four securities firms -- nomura securities co. ltd. , the world 's largest , nikko securities co. ltd. , yamaichi securities co. ltd. and daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets . 
while they have moved to the UNKNOWN in underwriting fixed-income securities in the UNKNOWN market -- mostly for japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable , if at all , in the u.s. . 
american institutional investors have never had a large appetite for japanese equities . 
and while the japanese have stepped up their purchases of u.s. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be UNKNOWN investors . 
at the same time , daiwa and its UNKNOWN have faced stiff competition from UNKNOWN american competitors that have prevented them from building strong links to u.s. corporations and institutional investors . 
mr. dozen knows these problems UNKNOWN . 
when he arrived in the u.s. in 9999 -- the start of an UNKNOWN tour -- he tried selling japanese UNKNOWN bonds to u.s. investors . 
`` he made desperate efforts , using the yellow pages from beginning to end , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of daiwa 's u.s. unit . 
`` but not a single piece of paper was sold . '' 
by his own account , mr. dozen did n't do much better with u.s. bonds . 
in an interview a few months ago , he UNKNOWN how after some training at salomon brothers inc. , he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell UNKNOWN of 99 u.s. corporate bond issues . 
but he could n't sell any . 
`` japanese stock salesmen selling american bonds ? 
maybe it 's crazy , '' he said . 
mr. dozen even related the UNKNOWN suffered when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing UNKNOWN off the new jersey shore and caught nothing . 
upon returning to new york , `` UNKNOWN , i got into a UNKNOWN , and the woman UNKNOWN said : ` americans make better UNKNOWN , ' '' he UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , mr. dozen said that daiwa 's goal is to build `` a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN international organization with maybe some japanese UNKNOWN to it . '' 
he said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , UNKNOWN securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions . 
mr. dozen said daiwa 's UNKNOWN were its large capital base , its influential position in the tokyo market and its links to japanese corporations and institutional investors . 
mr. dozen joined daiwa upon his UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN university in 9999 . 
like many young UNKNOWN in japanese securities firms , he began his career UNKNOWN stock to individual investors . 
in his climb to the top , mr. dozen also headed the company 's UNKNOWN division , its fixed-income units and its international operations . 
`` he was constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience ; he is very UNKNOWN , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman of daiwa 's u.s. unit in new york . 
but it mr. dozen 's experience as a salesman that enabled him to gain the political support -- particularly from the retail sales force -- to UNKNOWN to the presidency . 
commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of japanese securities companies ' earnings . 
and anybody who lacked the backing of the retail sales force `` would be fragile , '' said a daiwa executive . 
if mr. dozen has a weakness , it may be his golf game . 
`` he UNKNOWN in the sand instead of UNKNOWN the ball , like a farmer , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
inco ltd. posted a 99 % decline in third-quarter net income , a performance that was in line with analysts ' expectations . 
the nickel producer also raised its quarterly dividend to 99 cents a share from 99 cents and said it may buy back as much as 9.9 % of its common outstanding . 
inco shares fell after the announcements . 
analysts said some investors were disappointed that the UNKNOWN company had failed to announce a special dividend . 
inco closed at $ 99.999 a share , down 99.9 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
some analysts said inco , which had cash reserves of $ 999 million as of sept. 99 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 99-a-share special dividend it paid last year . 
the quarterly dividend is payable dec. 9 to shares of record nov. 9 . 
inco 's net fell to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the third quarter from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
excluding special gains from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , earnings in the latest quarter were $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , compared with $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
inco said the drop in earnings resulted mainly from lower nickel prices for the period and a temporary cut in nickel output at the company 's manitoba operations due to high levels of UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . 
inco said it plans to buy back as many as five million common shares over the next 99 months if nickel market conditions are favorable . 
under a previous UNKNOWN program , inco has purchased 9.9 million of its shares since april . 
ual corp. 's board UNKNOWN any prospects for an immediate revival of a labor-management buy-out , saying united airlines ' parent should remain independent for now . 
as a result , ual 's chairman , stephen m. wolf , pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
the two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one and leaves the airline with an array of UNKNOWN matters , including an unsettled labor situation and a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility . 
the effort to create the nation 's largest UNKNOWN company began UNKNOWN oct. 99 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 999-a-share , $ 9.99 billion offer . 
just last week it suffered another major setback when british airways plc , the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid , withdrew its support . 
takeover stock traders , focusing on the company 's intention to stay independent , took the announcement as bad news . 
ual , which had risen $ 9.999 to $ 999.999 in composite trading on the new york stock exchange on reports of a new bid being prepared by the group , UNKNOWN course and plummeted in UNKNOWN trading after the 9:99 p.m. edt announcement . 
among the first trades reported by the securities firm of jefferies & co. , which makes a market in ual after the exchange is closed , were 99,999 shares at $ 999 , 9,999 shares at $ 999 , 9,999 at $ 999 , and 99,999 at $ 999 . 
the rebound in ual stock during regular trading hours monday was its first daily gain after six consecutive losses left the price 99 % below its level before oct. 99 , the day the group announced the bank financing could n't be obtained for the original deal . 
UNKNOWN of ual 's outside directors met at a UNKNOWN meeting yesterday in chicago to consider an UNKNOWN proposal from the buy-out group for a revised bid . 
but the board said it was n't interested for now . 
that proposal , valued at between $ 999 and $ 999 a share , would have transferred majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands . 
the buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan . 
and , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it . 
the directors signaled , however , that they would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value , saying they would continue to explore `` all strategic and financial alternatives . '' 
but it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy . 
the board said it concluded that `` the welfare of the company , its shareholders , its employees and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued development of ual as a strong , viable , independent company . '' 
mr. wolf urged all employees to `` now turn their full attention '' to operating the airline . 
he also vowed to `` make every effort to UNKNOWN ... a UNKNOWN new relationship that has been UNKNOWN with participating employee groups . '' 
but mr. wolf faces a UNKNOWN task in pulling the company back together again . 
labor problems top the list . 
for a brief time , the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with united 's pilot union . 
in return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted . 
that contract was tied to the success of the buy-out . 
as a `` UNKNOWN measure , '' the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly ual 's two new boeing 999-999 aircraft . 
it 's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement . 
the union said late last night that it is still committed to majority employee ownership and that the labor disputes that faced the company prior to the buy-out effort `` still need to be addressed . '' 
the buy-out effort also UNKNOWN UNKNOWN relations between united 's pilot and UNKNOWN unions . 
the machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction . 
the machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to mr. wolf , but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he UNKNOWN up with the pilot union . 
the machinists criticized the terms mr. wolf and management received in the buy-out . 
they paid $ 99 million for a 9 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost . 
his credibility is also on the line in the investment community . 
until the collapse of this bid , mr. wolf was regarded as one of the nation 's UNKNOWN airline executives after engineering UNKNOWN of tiger international inc. and republic airlines . 
but he and his chief financial officer , john UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN some of the UNKNOWN for the deal 's failure by insisting banks accept low financing fees and interest rates , while they invested in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 999.9 million they stood to gain from sale of their ual stock and options . 
the board 's actions leave takeover stock traders UNKNOWN some $ 999 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer . 
it also inevitably leaves a UNKNOWN of shareholder lawsuits . 
arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value . 
one takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote . 
the machinists union has suggested it may UNKNOWN a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees . 
los angeles investor marvin davis , whose $ 999-a-share offer for ual in august triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline . 
however , he is restricted from making certain hostile moves by an agreement he signed to obtain confidential ual data . 
essentially , he ca n't make any hostile moves unless he makes a tender offer at least $ 999 a share . 
tandy corp. said it wo n't join u.s. memories , the group that seeks to battle the japanese in the market for computer memory chips . 
tandy 's decision is a second setback for u.s. memories . 
last month , apple computer inc. said that it would n't invest in the group . 
apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development . 
u.s. memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 99 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the japanese . 
those chips were in dire shortage last year , hurting many u.s. computer companies that could n't get sufficient UNKNOWN chips . 
tandy said its experience during the shortage did n't merit the $ 9 million to $ 99 million investment u.s. memories is seeking from each investor . 
`` at this time , we elected not to get involved because we have been able to UNKNOWN our need { for drams } from the market as a rule , '' said ed UNKNOWN , tandy 's director of market planning . 
sanford kane , u.s. memories president , said the decision was `` disappointing , '' but does n't UNKNOWN u.s. memories ' failure . 
`` i would like to have had them , '' he said . 
but `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
mr. kane became president and chief executive officer of u.s. memories last june , when the group was formed by seven electronics companies : advanced micro devices inc. , digital equipment corp. ; hewlett-packard co. ; intel corp. ; international business machines corp. ; lsi logic corp. and national semiconductor corp . 
mr. kane said he expects two or three major corporations to announce their participation in u.s. memories soon after the group UNKNOWN a business plan , probably late this week . 
u.s. memories needs a catalyst , he said , to UNKNOWN others to join . 
but so far , most potential participants have n't decided . 
sun microsystems inc. said it 's still actively evaluating u.s. memories and plans to meet with u.s. memories representatives later this week . 
american telephone & telegraph co. said it was waiting to see u.s. memories ' business plan . 
UNKNOWN maker UNKNOWN research inc. said it is still studying the situation . 
a compaq computer corp. spokeswoman said that the company has n't made a decision yet , although `` it is n't under active consideration . 
in a startling UNKNOWN , members of the senate intelligence committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is UNKNOWN on them . 
david boren , the intelligence committee chairman , is upset that someone UNKNOWN a letter to the committee from the reagan administration suggesting that the u.s. would UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN panamanian UNKNOWN manuel noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination . 
with due respect to `` highly classified UNKNOWN '' and other UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN are performing a public service . 
if the cia has become a protection service for mr. noriega , the american people ought to know . 
what went wrong in panama is a UNKNOWN subject for public and congressional inquiry . 
naturally , senator boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while UNKNOWN `` top secret '' on their own UNKNOWN . 
but there 's no danger of UNKNOWN sources and methods in UNKNOWN the debate running up and down pennsylvania avenue . 
and if congress is going to assume authority to UNKNOWN foreign policy , it 's going to have to take some of the responsibility too . 
the president of the united states urged the panamanian armed forces to move against mr. noriega . 
when they did , his UNKNOWN did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads . 
the executive branch bears the first responsibility for UNKNOWN . 
but what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by congress ? 
for example , what exactly did the cia tell major UNKNOWN and his fellow coup UNKNOWN about u.s. laws and executive orders on assassinations ? 
what part did u.s. warnings play in the major 's UNKNOWN to pull the trigger when he had general noriega in UNKNOWN , but was under attack by UNKNOWN troops ? 
mr. noriega did n't suffer from any UNKNOWN once he had the UNKNOWN . 
maybe we need a cia version of the UNKNOWN warning : you have the right to UNKNOWN your coup intentions , because we may UNKNOWN on you . 
or maybe a UNKNOWN general 's warning : UNKNOWN in the united states may be UNKNOWN . 
cia chief william webster , hardly a washington UNKNOWN , got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to u.s. UNKNOWN during the coup . 
the cia 's deputy director of operations , richard UNKNOWN , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply UNKNOWN mr. webster 's point . 
`` the interpretation '' of the executive order , mr. UNKNOWN said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' 
in other words , congress wo n't let the cia do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the cia . 
the pay 's the same , and the duty 's UNKNOWN . 
and of course , doing anything that might be UNKNOWN by congress carries heavy penalties . 
witness the UNKNOWN prosecution of UNKNOWN north . 
the intelligence committee 's ranking republican , senator william cohen , joined with senator george mitchell to write a best seller about iran-contra , UNKNOWN `` men of UNKNOWN . '' 
no doubt many people in the cia , the pentagon and the national security council have read it . 
what kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? 
who wants to end up as the UNKNOWN in a bill cohen UNKNOWN play ? 
the order against assassinations is another UNKNOWN of the same congressional UNKNOWN , a product of the 9999s vietnam syndrome against any executive action . 
president bush would do himself and the country a favor by UNKNOWN the order as an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on his ability to defend america 's national security . 
there are of course good reasons the u.s. should n't get into the assassination business , but UNKNOWN the executive order is not the same thing as saying the u.s. should start passing out UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the world being the nasty place it is , we want presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . 
in such situations , you can not write rules in advance , you can only make sure the president takes the responsibility . 
the executive order and the reported agreements with the intelligence committee are neither UNKNOWN nor moral . 
as it now stands , the u.s. can UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but ca n't `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it can send a fighter UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN terrorist UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN valley , but ca n't shoot UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
both the assassination order and the quality of debate in washington are telling the world that the only way the u.s. will kill a UNKNOWN is by making sure we take some innocent UNKNOWN with him . 
we 've heard california 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 99 blamed for a lot over the years , but abc 's ted UNKNOWN came up with a new UNKNOWN in his earthquake coverage last week when he asked democratic UNKNOWN richard katz if UNKNOWN 99 had UNKNOWN money needed for road maintenance . 
mr. katz UNKNOWN agreed , sliding over the fact that california 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
both have been raised at least 99 % in recent years , even while the price of gasoline has fallen . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 99 into this story is a pretty long stretch . 
a series of explosions UNKNOWN through the huge phillips petroleum co. plastics plant near here , UNKNOWN more than a hundred and closing parts of the houston ship channel . 
there were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still UNKNOWN for last night . 
the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke UNKNOWN high into the air . 
one local phillips manager said a seal UNKNOWN in one of the plant 's UNKNOWN . 
glenn UNKNOWN , phillips ' president and chief operating officer , and other phillips officials flew from UNKNOWN to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , phillips petroleum shares fell $ 9.999 to $ 99.999 . 
the plastics plant is located on an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the heart of the petrochemical UNKNOWN that reaches along the u.s. gulf coast . 
the u.s. coast guard closed six miles of the houston ship channel , where about 999 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke UNKNOWN the area . 
the port of houston closed its UNKNOWN for handling bulk cargo . 
broken water lines and gas UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN out windows , UNKNOWN debris for miles and UNKNOWN the ceiling in an area UNKNOWN school . 
the initial UNKNOWN was caught by cameras in downtown houston , about 99 miles away . 
nearby pasadena , texas , police reported that 999 people had been taken to area hospitals , but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise . 
the injured , including three in critical condition , were treated for burns , breathing problems and cuts from flying glass , hospital officials said . 
the plant employs between 999 and 999 on three UNKNOWN . 
the number working at the time of the UNKNOWN was n't known . 
yesterday 's explosions were the second round in two months at the plastics plant . 
in late august , four contract workers were injured and one phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house . 
the phillips facility UNKNOWN polyethylene , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , plastics used in a wide array of applications , including milk UNKNOWN and toys . 
plastics are the UNKNOWN of phillips ' chemicals operations , which is the biggest single UNKNOWN to the company 's profits . 
a federal judge in manhattan has entered a judgment requiring a chicago organized crime figure to pay the government $ 999,999 , representing alleged profits he gained from his involvement with the international UNKNOWN of teamsters . 
manhattan u.s. attorney UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said it was the first time ever that the government had obtained any UNKNOWN from an organized crime figure indicted under the civil racketeering law . 
joseph UNKNOWN , who the government alleged was the `` UNKNOWN '' of organized crime in chicago , was one of numerous defendants in the government 's sweeping racketeering suit against the teamsters . 
in the suit , filed in june 9999 , the government accused the union 's leadership of UNKNOWN its 9.9 million members of their rights through a pattern of racketeering . 
among other things , the government claimed that organized crime figures had routinely UNKNOWN the union 's top officials . 
u.s. district judge david UNKNOWN also permanently UNKNOWN mr. UNKNOWN from any future dealings with the teamsters or any other labor union . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the last of the defendants to settle the suit , agreed to pay the government the $ 999,999 within one week . 
exxon corp. said its third-quarter earnings slipped 9 % as profits from two of its three major businesses UNKNOWN . 
all cleanup costs from last spring 's alaskan oil spill were reflected in earlier results , it said . 
phillips petroleum co. and atlantic richfield co. also reported declines in quarterly profit , while ashland oil inc. posted a loss for the latest quarter . 
UNKNOWN hess corp. and occidental petroleum corp. reported higher earnings . 
exxon 
although exxon spent heavily during the latest quarter to clean up the alaskan UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by its huge oil spill , those expenses as well as the cost of a continuing UNKNOWN program are covered by $ 999 million in charges taken during the first half . 
an exxon official said that at this time the oil company does n't anticipate any additional charges to future earnings relating to the cleanup of oil UNKNOWN when one of its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
she added , however , that charges already taken do n't take into account the potential effect of litigation involving the oil spill . 
she said that impact ca n't be reasonably assessed yet . 
exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 9.99 billion , or 99 cents a share , from $ 9.99 billion , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 9.9 % , to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99.99 billion . 
during the third quarter , exxon purchased 9.99 million shares of its stock at a cost of $ 999 million . 
exxon 's profitability , like that of many other oil companies , was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses . 
exxon 's earnings from chemicals operations fell $ 99 million , to $ 999 million , while refining and marketing profits declined $ 999 million , to $ 999 million . 
although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said william UNKNOWN , oil analyst for first boston corp . 
he estimates that the price of west texas intermediate , the u.s. benchmark crude , was $ 9.99 a barrel higher during the third quarter of this year than in the same period last year . 
ashland oil 
a rash of one-time charges left ashland oil with a loss of $ 99 million for its fiscal fourth quarter . 
a year earlier , the UNKNOWN earned $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
quarterly revenue rose 9.9 % , to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
for the year , net income tumbled 99 % to $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
the ashland , ky. , oil company reported a $ 99 million charge resulting from settlement of a 99-year dispute with the national iranian oil co. over claims that ashland did n't pay for iranian crude it had received . 
in september , ashland settled the UNKNOWN dispute by agreeing to pay iran $ 999 million . 
ashland also took a $ 99 million after-tax charge to cover anticipated costs to correct problems with UNKNOWN built by one of its subsidiaries . 
the oil UNKNOWN also UNKNOWN a $ 99 million charge for selling ashland technology corp. , one of its subsidiaries , at a loss . 
UNKNOWN hess 
third-quarter earnings at UNKNOWN hess more than tripled to $ 99.99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue climbed 99 % , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 999 million . 
profits improved across hess 's businesses . 
refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
hess 's earnings were up despite a $ 99 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after hurricane hugo heavily damaged the company 's refinery at st. UNKNOWN . 
it is widely known within industry UNKNOWN that hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue UNKNOWN its customers . 
hess declined to comment . 
phillips petroleum 
phillips petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 99 % , to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue rose 9.9 % , to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
shrinking profit margins in chemical and refining and marketing sectors accounted for most of the decline , said chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in a statement . 
despite higher oil prices , exploration and production profits were off because of UNKNOWN losses and some construction costs incurred in one of phillips ' north sea oil fields . 
a year ago , results were buoyed by a $ 99 million after-tax gain from an asset sale . 
occidental petroleum 
occidental petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 9.9 % to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 99 million from UNKNOWN items . 
sales dropped 9 % , to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
the latest period included a $ 99 million gain from the sale of various oil and gas properties , a $ 99 million charge from the restructuring of occidental 's domestic oil and gas operations , and tax credits of $ 99 million . 
both periods included UNKNOWN charges of $ 9 million for early retirement of debt . 
occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 99 million from $ 99 million . 
the latest period includes net gains of $ 99 million in UNKNOWN credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
chemical earnings fell 99 % , reflecting softening of demand . 
atlantic richfield 
citing its reduced ownership in the lyondell petrochemical co. , atlantic richfield reported that net income slid 9.9 % in the third quarter to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , for the comparable period last year . 
sales fell 99 % , to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
arco 's earnings from its 99.9 % stake in lyondell fell to $ 99 million from $ 999 million for the same period last year , when lyondell was UNKNOWN owned . 
offsetting the lower stake in lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas UNKNOWN and higher coke prices , the company said . 
coal earnings rose to $ 99 million from $ 99 million . 
for the nine months , arco reported net income of $ 9.9 billion , or $ 9.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 9.9 billion , or $ 9.99 a share a year earlier . 
sales were $ 99 billion , off 99 % from $ 99.9 billion . 
jeff rowe contributed to this article . 
the following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
imo industries inc. -- $ 999 million of senior subordinated debentures due 9999 , priced at par to yield 99 % . 
the issue will be sold through morgan stanley & co . 
other details were n't available . 
san antonio , texas -- $ 999 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , series 9999 , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , tentatively priced by a first boston corp. group to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
the issue includes current interest bonds due 9999-9999 , 9999 , 9999 , 9999 and 9999 , and capital appreciation bonds due 9999-9999 . 
the current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are about $ 999 million of 9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced to yield 9.99 % , which is the issue 's high yield . 
there are also about $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds priced to yield 9.99 % in 9999 ; about $ 99 million of 9 % bonds priced to yield 9.99 % in 9999 ; and about $ 99.9 million of 9 % bonds priced to yield 9.99 % in 9999 . 
all of the term bonds are original issue discount bonds , according to the lead underwriter . 
the capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 9 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999-9999 . 
the bonds are rated double-a by moody 's investors service inc. and standard & poor 's corp . 
maryland stadium authority -- $ 999.9 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , series 9999 d , due 9999-9999 , 9999 , 9999 and 9999 , tentatively priced at par by a morgan stanley group to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
serial bonds are priced to yield to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are $ 99,999,999 of 9 9\/9 % bonds priced at par and due 9999 ; $ 99,999,999 of 9 9\/9 % bonds priced at par and due 9999 ; and $ 99.9 million of 9.99 % bonds priced at par and due 9999 . 
the bonds are rated double-a by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p . 
interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
federal home loan mortgage corp. -- $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered in 99 classes by morgan stanley . 
the offering , series 999 , is backed by freddie mac 99-year , 9 % securities , and brings freddie mac 's 9999 remic issuance to $ 99.9 billion and its total volume to $ 99.9 billion since the program began in february 9999 . 
the offering used UNKNOWN pricing . 
federal national mortgage association -- $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered in 99 classes by merrill lynch capital markets . 
the offering , series 9999-99 , is backed by fannie mae 9 % securities . 
separately , a $ 999 million issue of fannie mae remic mortgage securities is being offered in 99 classes by bear , stearns & co . 
the offering , series 9999-99 , is backed by fannie mae 9 % securities . 
finally , a $ 999 million issue of fannie mae remic mortgage securities is being offered in 99 classes by smith barney , harris upham & co . 
the offering , series 9999-99 , is backed by fannie mae 9 9\/9 % securities . 
the three offerings together bring fannie mae 's 9999 remic issuance to $ 99.9 billion and its total remic volume to $ 99.9 billion since the program began in april 9999 . 
credit agricole ( UNKNOWN ) ( french ) -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999.99 to yield 9.99 % annually less full fees , via UNKNOWN international ltd . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN electric power co . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % less full fees , via yamaichi international ( europe ) ltd . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
international finance corp . ( agency ) -- 99 billion pesetas of 99.9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 99.99 % less full fees , via citibank ( madrid ) and banco UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN , spain . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
royal bank of canada , grand UNKNOWN branch ( canada ) -- 999 million canadian dollars of 99 9\/9 % deposit notes due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 99.99 % less full fees , via UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities international ltd . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
union bank of finland -- 999 million australian dollars of 9 % bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 99 to yield 99.99 % less full fees , via banque paribas capital markets ltd . 
fees 9 . 
ford motor credit -- $ 9.99 billion of certificates backed by automobile loans with a coupon rate of 9.99 % , priced at 99 99\/99 to yield 9.999 % through an underwriting group headed by first boston corp . 
the issue is the first by ford motor credit , a unit of ford motor co. , and the second largest in the four-year history of the $ 99 billion asset-backed market . 
the largest issue was a $ 9 billion offering of UNKNOWN securities by general motors acceptance corp. in 9999 . 
the ford issue , through ford credit UNKNOWN UNKNOWN trust , was priced at a yield spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 9 9\/9 % issue due july 9999 . 
the offering is rated UNKNOWN by moody 's and double-a by s&p , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from ford motor credit . 
the certificates have an estimated average life of 9.9 years , assuming monthly UNKNOWN at 9.9 % of the original balance . 
the final maturity is in five years . 
the mouth is back . 
UNKNOWN downey jr. , who UNKNOWN as a UNKNOWN host and frequently UNKNOWN UNKNOWN his guests , has been signed to UNKNOWN a half-hour UNKNOWN program on the consumer news and business channel , the cable channel partly owned by the general electric co. 's national broadcasting co . 
the premiere of `` UNKNOWN , '' with mr. downey and richard g. carter , a columnist with the new york daily news , is scheduled for dec. 9 at 9 p.m . 
UNKNOWN is available to 99 million cable households . 
mr. downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was UNKNOWN and others UNKNOWN offensive . 
`` but i 'm going to proceed in a more UNKNOWN way . 
i 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home . 
but that does n't mean i 'm not going to get angry . '' 
michael UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the UNKNOWN of `` UNKNOWN ! UNKNOWN ! UNKNOWN ! '' 
but just how does mr. downey 's UNKNOWN style UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN tone of UNKNOWN 's business programming ? 
`` UNKNOWN percent of UNKNOWN 's old show fits into our style , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` that is consumer issues . '' 
mr. downey 's previous show , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN by mca inc. and produced by quantum media inc. , was canceled in july after advertisers and stations abandoned it . 
investors dumped stocks of big companies whose earnings UNKNOWN with the economy . 
many of those `` cyclical '' issues are in the dow jones industrial average , which fell 99.99 to 9999.99 . 
declining issues on the new york stock exchange UNKNOWN advancers , 9,999 to 999 . 
recession fears are UNKNOWN up again among investors . 
analysts say that the selling of cyclical stocks yesterday will be followed by a sell-off in shares of companies with big debt UNKNOWN on their balance sheets . 
in an economic slowdown , heavy debt UNKNOWN reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company UNKNOWN must be diverted to interest payments . 
on the other hand , investors beat a clear path yesterday to blue-chip issues with proven earnings growth records . 
among the 99 dow industrials , they bought mcdonald 's , coca-cola co. and procter & gamble and sold aluminum co. of america . 
in another sign of slowdown fears , investors dumped technology shares . 
many money managers are bracing for a decline in stocks of companies with big debt UNKNOWN on their balance sheets . 
`` the junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said j. david mills , senior vice president at boston company advisers . 
`` under this scrutiny , the first thing you do is sell your cyclical stocks and the second thing you do is sell your UNKNOWN companies . '' 
in fact , much of the buying in blue chips yesterday was a pursuit of companies with lower debt levels . 
in a recent investment letter entitled `` winners of the ` leverage wars , ' '' edward UNKNOWN , chairman of painewebber 's investment policy committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have avoided UNKNOWN up on debt . 
`` we 're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
he suggested that investors buy the shares of great atlantic & pacific tea , j. baker , mcdonald 's , philip morris and UNKNOWN lee . 
he said that all of these companies will be able to compete fiercely in an economic downturn . 
mcdonald 's has long-term debt equaling 99 % of shareholder equity currently , but mr. UNKNOWN said the company is carrying real estate assets at about $ 9.9 billion below their real value . 
coca-cola climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 ; mcdonald 's added 9 to 99 9\/9 , and procter & gamble gained 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and j. baker gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
philip morris slipped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , while UNKNOWN lee closed unchanged at 99 9\/9 . 
according to salomon brothers ' `` UNKNOWN '' stock index of 99 companies whose debt is giant compared with shareholder equity , investors are already beginning to retreat from shares of UNKNOWN companies . 
from january to early september , the index of UNKNOWN stocks -- the tiny portion of equity that 's publicly traded following a recapitalization -- UNKNOWN standard & poor 's 999-stock index by about 99 % . 
but starting in early september , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the s&p 999 . 
`` stocks that have a high default risk have started to UNKNOWN those stocks that have a lower default risk , '' said eric UNKNOWN , director of UNKNOWN analysis at salomon brothers . 
`` companies that have the most exposure to the business cycle have UNKNOWN since late last summer . '' 
union carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 99 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
also , exxon went down 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and allied-signal lost 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts . 
other weak blue-chip issues included chevron , which went down 9 to 99 9\/9 in big board composite trading of 9.9 million shares ; goodyear tire & rubber , off 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and american express , down 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
texas instruments , which had reported friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 99 % from the year-ago level , went down 9 9\/9 to 99 on 9.9 million shares . 
motorola , another major semiconductor producer , dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
pinnacle west capital , whose earnings have been hurt by continued problems at its merabank unit , fell 9 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares to lead the big board 's list of most active issues . 
growing pressures on the arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; pinnacle west told dow jones professional investor report it may consider filing for chapter 99 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to merabank . 
UNKNOWN dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on one million shares -- about six times its average daily trading volume -- after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report . 
merrill lynch and prudential-bache securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued friday , according to UNKNOWN . 
elsewhere in the chemicals sector , dow chemical fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN lost 9 9\/9 to 999 , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN slipped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and olin slid 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
other stocks hurt by UNKNOWN selling included tandy , which dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 , and eaton , which retreated 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
third-quarter earnings at both companies were below analysts ' forecasts . 
after declining about 99 % last week , ual advanced 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares on anticipation of a revised takeover offer from a labor-management group for the parent company of united airlines . 
however , delta air lines fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and usair group dropped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
ramada gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after UNKNOWN the terms of its restructuring plan , which calls for the company to sell its hotel operations for $ 999 million and spin off its casino business to shareholders . 
the UNKNOWN follows last month 's withdrawal of a $ 999 million junk-bond offering for the new casino company , UNKNOWN corp . 
UNKNOWN gained 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
usa today reported that the UNKNOWN brothers , washington , UNKNOWN investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire UNKNOWN last year , have bought nearly 9 % of UNKNOWN 's common shares . 
entertainment and media stocks generally escaped the market 's slide as well . 
paramount communications rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , time warner climbed 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 , walt disney advanced 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 , mca rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and mcgraw-hill added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the american stock exchange market value index lost 9.99 to 999.99 . 
volume totaled 99,999,999 shares . 
carnival cruise lines class a fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company said it had been notified UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN marine industries , a UNKNOWN shipyard building three cruise ships for the company , is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy . 
`` UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN '' are the sort of UNKNOWN normally associated with UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
who 'd have thought that the next group of tough guys carrying around UNKNOWN like that would be school UNKNOWN ? 
chicago 's new school chief is the UNKNOWN ted UNKNOWN . 
at his old job in UNKNOWN , calif. , he took a bitter teachers ' strike and nearly came to UNKNOWN with a UNKNOWN member . 
at his first chicago press conference , he UNKNOWN the reporters . 
in new york city , the new chancellor , joseph fernandez , has landed like a UNKNOWN shell in the middle of a system that has been UNKNOWN to serious reform . 
both men fit the mood of the times -- the mood being one of a public fed up with officials ' UNKNOWN for why their schools do n't work . 
former UNKNOWN , n.j. , principal joe clark was no doubt the general public 's first experience with this new breed of UNKNOWN administrator . 
the subject of the movie `` lean on me , '' mr. clark controlled his school with a UNKNOWN and a baseball UNKNOWN . 
he may have gone UNKNOWN in his pursuit of good discipline , but is n't it interesting that some of the country 's biggest , most troubled school districts are choosing new chiefs from the same UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ? 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the woman assigned to run the jersey city school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . '' 
mr. fernandez does n't take control in new york until january , but already he 's UNKNOWN the waters . 
he 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most UNKNOWN institutions in american public schools . 
it means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals . 
once they are in the building , they stay . 
one south bronx principal kept his job for 99 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work . 
he was finally given leave when he was UNKNOWN for allegedly buying crack . 
naturally , the principals ' union UNKNOWN building tenure , and tenure has UNKNOWN previous challenge . 
we suggest that mr. fernandez find an incompetent principal , UNKNOWN him out of the building and let the forces of the status UNKNOWN explain to the parents whatever it is they 're UNKNOWN . 
in his old job , as UNKNOWN county chief , mr. fernandez forced out 99 teachers and UNKNOWN 99 principals . 
he cut the UNKNOWN rate by 9.9 % . 
but the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are going to have to be UNKNOWN as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone . 
the situation will be especially UNKNOWN for mr. UNKNOWN . 
he takes over a school system in the midst of radical reform . 
UNKNOWN have just elected 999 UNKNOWN school boards , one for each school . 
this of course led to disaster in new york city . 
getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential , but in chicago the new boards will make mistakes and mr. UNKNOWN will have to identify them . 
the rise of UNKNOWN such as joseph fernandez and ted UNKNOWN suggests UNKNOWN the process of UNKNOWN in many school systems . 
the schools ' central mission , UNKNOWN children , became UNKNOWN by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions . 
the classroom itself operated on the UNKNOWN of this awful system , discipline collapsed , and kids stopped learning . 
mr. chips was a nice fellow , and maybe some day he 'll return . 
until then , it 's clear that some of the people who 've been keeping UNKNOWN schools down are going to be dealing with the UNKNOWN . 
ingersoll publications co. agreed to buy the new haven register in a transaction valued at $ 999 million from goodson newspaper group inc . 
as part of the agreement , goodson also terminated the contract under which ingersoll manages goodson 's 99 newspapers , ending a long association between the two companies that has turned increasingly bitter recently . 
goodson has accused ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the st. louis sun . 
under the terms of the accord , ingersoll will pay about $ 999 million for the register , a daily that goodson bought for about $ 999 million in 9999 . 
goodson will pay the additional $ 99 million in settlement of the management contract . 
goodson also announced that it hired the former president and senior vice president of ingersoll to run the goodson papers . 
both executives left the company after UNKNOWN with chairman ralph ingersoll jr . 
goodson , which is based here , will use part of the proceeds to pay down debt associated with its purchase of the UNKNOWN daily record for $ 999 million in 9999 . 
the new jersey paper , like the new haven , conn. , paper , was purchased by ingersoll on goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract . 
industry analysts have said that the purchase price for the paper was too high , causing a strain on goodson 's finances . 
investment bankers familiar with the company said goodson is seeking a new bank credit line of $ 999 million and may have to sell additional newspapers . 
david n. UNKNOWN , president and chief operating officer of goodson , said in a telephone interview that the company does n't currently have any plans to sell additional newspapers . 
goodson said david UNKNOWN , former president of ingersoll publications , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , former senior vice president , would head the new UNKNOWN management team at goodson , which had revenue of $ 999 million in 9999 . 
the association between the two companies UNKNOWN back UNKNOWN years to a friendship between television producer mark goodson and ingersoll founder ralph ingersoll . 
the latter 's son , ralph ingersoll jr. , took over the company and has been managing the goodson properties and acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for goodson . 
but in recent years , mr. ingersoll began focusing more on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with investment banking firm UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & co . 
ingersoll has 99 UNKNOWN and 999 other UNKNOWN papers in the u.s. and europe . 
the company said its revenue will exceed $ 999 million this year . 
ingersoll president robert m. UNKNOWN said in a statement that the company is `` UNKNOWN by the conclusion of the goodson relationship '' and will be able to `` concentrate all our UNKNOWN '' on ingersoll 's own papers . 
mr. goodson , in his own statement , was less UNKNOWN , saying `` unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that ralph and i have different UNKNOWN , '' and that he feels `` more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest and responsibility is in the goodson papers . 
just five months after ogilvy group was UNKNOWN up in an UNKNOWN takeover , kenneth roman , ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at american express co . 
mr. roman , 99 years old , abruptly announced he will leave the venerable ad agency , whose largest client is american express , to become american express 's executive vice president for corporate affairs and communications . 
he will succeed harry l. freeman , 99 , who has said he will retire in december . 
mr. freeman said in august that he would retire by the end of this year to take `` executive responsibility '' for an embarrassing effort to UNKNOWN banker UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
american express representatives apparently influenced the publication of unfavorable articles about mr. UNKNOWN . 
the company later UNKNOWN and agreed to make $ 9 million in contributions to charities chosen by him . 
although mr. freeman is retiring , he will continue to work as a consultant for american express on a project basis . 
ad industry executives were n't surprised by mr. roman 's decision to leave ogilvy . 
the agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by wpp group plc of london before UNKNOWN in may . 
and although mr. roman and wpp 's chief executive , martin sorrell , have gone out of their way to be publicly supportive of each other , people close to mr. roman say he was UNKNOWN giving up control of the company . 
some executives also UNKNOWN tension because of efforts by mr. sorrell , a financial man , to cut costs at the agency . 
mr. roman will be succeeded as the head of ogilvy 's flagship ad agency , ogilvy & mather worldwide , by UNKNOWN phillips , 99 , who had been president of north american operations and who , like mr. sorrell , is british . 
alexander brody , 99 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations . 
he had been president of the international operations . 
mr. roman also had UNKNOWN ogilvy group 's two other units , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN advertising agency and its research division , but those units will now report directly to wpp . 
mr. roman appears UNKNOWN for the american express job . 
known as a traditional executive , he is very much in the conservative american express UNKNOWN . 
moreover , after 99 years at ogilvy he had UNKNOWN a reputation for being UNKNOWN and a straight UNKNOWN -- which can only help american express in the wake of the UNKNOWN incident . 
he also is close to american express 's chairman and chief executive officer , james d. robinson iii . 
aside from working with mr. robinson on the american express advertising account for about 99 years , mr. roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as mr. robinson . 
the UNKNOWN management change sparked widespread speculation that mr. roman had been pushed out of ogilvy 's top spot by mr. sorrell . 
but mr. roman UNKNOWN denied the speculation , saying mr. sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay , offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine ( the wine , naturally , was seagram 's brand , an ogilvy client ) . 
`` he asked me not to resign . 
the implication that i was pushed aside would n't be accurate , '' mr. roman said . 
mr. sorrell , UNKNOWN in the far east , could n't be reached . 
mr. roman said american express 's mr. robinson first approached him about the job in late september . 
according to industry executives , peter UNKNOWN , a former european community commissioner from ireland , was also a serious UNKNOWN for the american express job . 
although it ultimately was n't offered to him , he will be on UNKNOWN to american express as an adviser on international matters . 
after talking on and off for the past four weeks , mr. roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a UNKNOWN opportunity , and i think i leave the company in very strong hands . 
it was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
mr. roman also UNKNOWN aside reports about UNKNOWN between him and mr. phillips , his successor at ogilvy . 
the two executives could hardly be more different . 
mr. roman comes across as a UNKNOWN executive ; mr. phillips has a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
during time off , mr. roman tends to his garden ; mr. phillips UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN for , among other things , fast cars and planes . 
industry executives say that although the two executives used to clash more frequently , the wpp takeover brought them closer together . 
`` i 'm the guy who made him head of new york , head of the u.s. , president of north america , and recommended him { to mr. sorrell } as my successor . 
would i have done all those things UNKNOWN if i did n't think he was the right guy ? '' mr. roman asked . 
he UNKNOWN reports of UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN , '' and said that he spent part of the weekend on mr. phillips 's UNKNOWN in connecticut . 
mr. roman will UNKNOWN american express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units . 
`` i consider this a second career , '' he said . 
he also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives . 
mr. roman 's departure is n't expected to have any enormous UNKNOWN at ogilvy . 
american express , kraft general foods , and mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency . 
`` general foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said david UNKNOWN , a vice president of kraft general foods . 
but some clients and analysts expressed concern that mr. phillips is n't as well-known to many clients . 
`` UNKNOWN was my key UNKNOWN , '' said j. nicholas UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer of cotton inc. , which represents cotton producers . 
`` i do n't know { mr. phillips } all that well . 
i have n't seen or talked to him in several years . '' 
and some analysts questioned whether mr. phillips would have the skills ogilvy needs to turn the agency around . 
while the agency has done well in many parts of the world , its flagship new york office has had a dismal track record recently ; it has won few new accounts while losing big ones , including maxwell house . 
`` i think { mr. phillips } is going to need some help . 
i think they need creative leadership , and i do n't think they have it , '' said UNKNOWN hill , an analyst with UNKNOWN & co . 
ogilvy & mather 's top creative executive , norman berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
`` UNKNOWN berry was a creative UNKNOWN at the company , and nobody has filled that UNKNOWN , '' said ms. hill . 
but other analysts said that having mr. phillips succeed mr. roman would make for a smooth transition . 
`` UNKNOWN phillips has been there a long time , knows the culture well , is aggressive , and apparently gets along well with '' mr. sorrell , said andrew UNKNOWN , an analyst with drexel burnham lambert . 
`` it 's probably a reasonable transition . 
hopefully , he 'll be the answer to the problems they 've had in new york . '' 
sale of saatchi unit close 
computer sciences corp. , el UNKNOWN , calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy cleveland consulting associates from saatchi & saatchi 
computer sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for cleveland consulting , which UNKNOWN companies on UNKNOWN and supply . 
but david lord , managing editor of consultants news , an industry publication based in UNKNOWN , n.h. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times cleveland consulting 's approximately $ 99 million annual revenue . 
both saatchi & saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in june , and cleveland consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale . 
ad notes ... . 
new account : 
UNKNOWN corp. , new york , awarded the ad account for its home insurance co. unit to UNKNOWN , kelly & UNKNOWN , new york . 
billings were n't disclosed ... . 
puerto rico telephone co. awarded its $ 9 million account to west UNKNOWN & grey , grey advertising 's office in puerto rico . 
diet coke : 
coca-cola co. yesterday said singer UNKNOWN john signed to appear in an ad for diet coke . 
details of the commercial , which will be part of the brand 's 9999 advertising campaign , were n't disclosed . 
mr. john becomes the latest of many music stars , including george michael and UNKNOWN houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink . 
turner broadcasting system inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to u.s. theaters , too . 
the operator of UNKNOWN networks said the new turner pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on turner broadcasting 's turner network television channel , or UNKNOWN , and then will be released internationally in movie theaters . 
the unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` the secret life of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' a UNKNOWN about the former british spy who wrote the james bond novels , and `` UNKNOWN island , '' produced by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who also stars in the movie . 
ted turner , turner broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of turner pictures , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of turner entertainment networks , was named president of the unit . 
in an interview , mr. UNKNOWN said the subsidiary 's primary mission will be to make movies for UNKNOWN and to distribute them internationally . 
but he said turner broadcasting already has found some ideas that might work well as films for theatrical release in the u.s. . 
`` when that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the u.s. , '' he said , adding that turner pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 9999 . 
turner has made several movies , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a UNKNOWN movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
mr. UNKNOWN said `` the secret life of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN island '' cost more than $ 9 million each to make , which is only about one-third the cost of most movies made for theatrical release . 
the turner move is in line with a cable-tv trend toward more original programming -- and toward finding more ways to UNKNOWN the high cost of producing films . 
in july , viacom inc. formed viacom pictures to produce 99 UNKNOWN movies a year that will premiere on showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
in a sign the stock slump has n't quieted europe 's takeover UNKNOWN , cie . financiere de paribas said it intends to bid for one of france 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , UNKNOWN de navigation mixte . 
paribas said that once it receives the UNKNOWN from french stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its navigation mixte stake to 99.9 % from the current 99.9 % . 
its UNKNOWN bid values navigation mixte at about 99.99 billion francs ( $ 9.99 billion ) , making this one of france 's UNKNOWN attempted takeovers . 
the cost of buying the additional 99 % stake would be 99.99 billion francs ( $ 9.99 billion ) . 
the move would greatly boost paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses , where navigation mixte is strong . 
it also would make paribas a major french ally of west germany 's allianz ag insurance group . 
allianz holds a 99 % stake in navigation mixte 's insurance interests , acquired three weeks ago . 
those include UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and via assurances . 
long considered a potential takeover target , navigation mixte had hoped allianz would help protect it from raiders . 
that idea may have UNKNOWN . 
paribas is allianz 's main french bank , and the UNKNOWN group said it intends to stay UNKNOWN . 
navigation mixte said it would n't have any comment until its board UNKNOWN wednesday . 
but navigation mixte is UNKNOWN held and hard to defend . 
`` the defensive options are limited , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a partner in portfolio management concern france finance UNKNOWN . 
`` who would bid against paribas ? '' 
if the paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big french investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group . 
last month , paribas 's archrival , cie . financiere de suez , won a battle for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , france 's second-largest private-sector insurer , which itself had just acquired west germany 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ag . 
that complex bid was billed as france 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
moreover , suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of societe generale de UNKNOWN . 
paribas officials , once considered france 's UNKNOWN bankers , felt UNKNOWN at suez 's success and its rapid growth . 
although paribas denies it , analysts say the new bid in part simply reflects the continuing UNKNOWN between france 's two largest investment banking groups . 
it also reflects the broader pressure on companies in europe to keep up as the european community UNKNOWN to reduce internal trade barriers by 9999 . 
although paribas chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would n't rule out eventually selling all of navigation mixte 's insurance operations to allianz , he stressed the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate . 
he also told reporters the acquisition would give paribas fresh UNKNOWN , bringing it properties in food and transport where it has been weak . 
navigation mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and UNKNOWN concern , a UNKNOWN and bus and trucking firms , among others . 
and navigation mixte has a huge hidden UNKNOWN . 
payment by allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help UNKNOWN the french concern 's treasury to an estimated 99 billion francs . 
paribas said it will bid 9,999 francs a share for navigation mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 9,999 francs for those created july 9 , which are eligible for partial dividends . 
UNKNOWN , it said it would offer three paribas shares , themselves eligible for dividends as of next jan. 9 , for one navigation mixte share . 
paribas shares closed down 99 francs at 999 francs , and navigation mixte shares were suspended at 9,999 francs pending the outcome of the bid . 
paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
this is one of the first bids under new takeover rules aimed at encouraging open bids instead of gradual UNKNOWN of large stakes . 
some financial sources said privately that paribas UNKNOWN in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price . 
mr. UNKNOWN responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management . 
when UNKNOWN UNKNOWN navigation mixte chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rejected paribas 's offer and began buying paribas shares in UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN said , he felt UNKNOWN to bid for control . 
he told reporters he had information that mr. UNKNOWN was preparing to buy as much as 99 % of paribas , up from less than 9 % currently . 
a bid against paribas could n't be ruled out . 
france 's second-largest UNKNOWN insurance company , assurances UNKNOWN de france , has been building its own navigation mixte stake , currently thought to be between 9 % and 99 % . 
analysts said they do n't think it is UNKNOWN a takeover , however , and its officials could n't be reached . 
crude oil futures prices fell further as analysts and traders said opec oil producers are n't putting the UNKNOWN on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter . 
in trading on the new york mercantile exchange , the u.s. benchmark west texas intermediate crude fell 99 cents a barrel to $ 99.99 for december delivery . 
petroleum products prices also declined . 
analysts pointed to reports that the organization of petroleum exporting countries is producing substantially more than its official limit of 99.9 million barrels a day , with some accounts putting the 99-nation group 's output as high as 99 million barrels a day . 
that level of production did n't take its toll on futures prices for the fourth quarter , when demand is traditionally strong . 
but because first-quarter demand is normally the UNKNOWN of the year , several market participants say , opec production will have to decline to keep prices from UNKNOWN further . 
the group plans to meet in a month to discuss production strategy for early 9999 . 
with prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major phillips petroleum co. chemical facility on the houston ship channel also was bearish for prices . 
even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude , analysts say , now the facility wo n't need any , at a time of already high availability . 
the phillips plant makes polyethylene , UNKNOWN and other plastic products . 
a company official said the explosions began when a seal UNKNOWN out . 
dozens of workers were injured , authorities said . 
there was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices . 
for instance , one trader said that prices inevitably will go lower now that they 've fallen below $ 99 a barrel . 
`` our UNKNOWN is a little bearish now that we 've taken out $ 99 , '' he said . 
in other commodity markets yesterday : 
copper : 
the selling that started on friday continued yesterday . 
the december contract fell 9.99 cents a pound to $ 9.9999 . 
london metal exchange UNKNOWN stocks were down only 9,999 metric tons for the week to 99,999 tons ; expectations late last week were a drop of 99,999 to 99,999 tons . 
the new york market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ UNKNOWN level , selling picked up as previous buyers UNKNOWN out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in . 
fund selling also picked up at that point . 
according to bernard savaiko , senior commodity analyst at painewebber , the only stability to the market came when short sellers UNKNOWN moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts . 
this activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
mr. savaiko noted that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar , which would normally support the u.s. copper market . 
such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong british pound to buy copper in new york . 
`` the sell-off would probably have been worse if the dollar had been strong , '' he said . 
copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 9.99 to $ 9.99 . 
mr. savaiko believes that if copper falls below the bottom of this range the next significant support level will be about $ 9.99 . 
precious metals : 
platinum and palladium struggled to maintain their prices all day despite news stories over the weekend that recent cold fusion experiments , which use both metals , showed signs of producing extra heat . 
january platinum closed down $ 9.99 an ounce at $ 999.99 , nearly $ 9 above its low for the day . 
december palladium was off $ 9.99 an ounce at $ 999.99 . 
platinum is believed to have good support around $ 999 and palladium at around $ 999 . 
some traders were thought to be waiting for the auto sales report , which will be released today . 
such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders because both metals are used in automobile UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. savaiko UNKNOWN that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly UNKNOWN by such stories . 
he said the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again . 
also UNKNOWN on both metals ' prices is the role of the chief supplier , the soviet union . 
many analysts believe that the soviets ' UNKNOWN for dollars this year to buy grain and other western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN : 
prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news . 
on the chicago board of trade , UNKNOWN for november delivery closed at $ 9.99 a bushel , down half a cent , while the december wheat contract rose UNKNOWN of a cent to $ 9.9999 a bushel . 
supporting prices was the announcement late friday of additional grain sales to the soviet union . 
but acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the farm UNKNOWN . 
strong farmer selling over the weekend also weighed on prices . 
sugar : 
world prices tumbled , mostly from their own weight , according to analysts . 
the march contract ended at 99.99 cents a pound , down 9.99 cent . 
for the past week or so , traders have been expecting india to buy between 999,999 and 999,999 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by japan . 
but with no reports of either country actually entering the market , analysts said , futures prices became vulnerable . 
developing countries such as india , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , around 99.99 cents , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range , around 99.99 cents . 
but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a sugar analyst with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN international ltd. , said the explanation for the latest drop in sugar prices is much UNKNOWN : speculators , he said , `` got too long too soon and ran into resistance around the old contract highs . '' 
a painewebber analyst said that in light of a new estimate of a production increase of four million metric tons and only a modest increase in consumption , sugar is n't likely to rise above the top of its trading range without a crop problem in a major producing country . 
cocoa : 
futures rallied modestly . 
the december contract rose $ 99 a metric ton to $ 9,999 , near its high for the day . 
UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN ltd. , a british UNKNOWN house , estimated that the 9999-99 world cocoa surplus would be 999,999 tons , down from 999,999 tons for the previous year . 
market technicians were encouraged by the price patterns , which in the past have UNKNOWN sharp rallies . 
recent prices for cocoa have been near levels last seen in the mid-9999s . 
at such prices , according to mr. savaiko , bargain hunting and UNKNOWN -- buying back of contracts previously sold -- by speculators is n't UNKNOWN . 
but mr. savaiko expects UNKNOWN producer selling at around the $ 9,999 to $ 9,999 level . 
he also noted that a strong sterling market yesterday might have helped cocoa in new york as arbitragers took advantage of the currency move . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , research analyst at shearson lehman hutton , said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the ivory coast , a major cocoa producer . 
rockwell international corp. bought out UNKNOWN corp. 's interest in UNKNOWN , a joint venture of the two companies based in tokyo . 
the price was 9.9 billion yen ( $ 99 million ) . 
the agreement provides that UNKNOWN corp. will remain a supplier to UNKNOWN , which makes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for the newspaper industry . 
the purchase was made by rockwell UNKNOWN systems , a chicago subsidiary of the el UNKNOWN , calif. , concern . 
UNKNOWN , which has about 999 employees , is among the industry leaders in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN technology , which reduces time and materials waste when preparing a press for UNKNOWN . 
the bond market , which sometimes UNKNOWN on bad news , UNKNOWN yesterday 's stock market sell-off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker . 
early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will UNKNOWN an economy headed for trouble . 
such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the federal reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to UNKNOWN the economy and UNKNOWN off a recession . 
for example , today the department of commerce is scheduled to release the september durable goods report . 
the consensus forecast of 99 economists surveyed by dow jones capital markets report is for a 9.9 % drop in september orders . 
that would follow a 9.9 % advance in august . 
bonds received a bigger boost later in the day when stock prices moved broadly lower . 
the dow jones industrial average fell 99.99 points to 9999.99 . 
`` bond investors have been watching stocks closely , '' said joel UNKNOWN , chief fixed-income analyst at technical data global markets group . 
`` when you get a big sell-off in equities , money starts to shift into bonds , '' which are considered safer , he said . 
the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond ended about 9\/9 point higher , or up about $ 9 for each $ 9,999 face amount , while the yield slid to 9.99 % from 9.99 % friday . 
municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose . 
prices of high-yield , high-risk corporate securities ended unchanged . 
in more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 999 million issue by imo industries inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for UNKNOWN co. 's $ 999 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . 
in the treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news . 
`` on the negative side , the market will be affected by constant supply in all sectors of the market , '' said william m. UNKNOWN , economist at daiwa securities america inc . 
`` on the other hand , we have economic news that is { expected to be } relatively positive for the bond market . 
we will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields , '' he said . 
today , the treasury will sell $ 99 billion of new two-year notes . 
tomorrow , resolution funding corp. , a division of a new government agency created to UNKNOWN out the nation 's troubled thrifts , will hold its first bond auction at which it will sell $ 9.9 billion of 99-year bonds . 
so far , money managers and other bond buyers have n't shown much interest in the refcorp bonds . 
analysts have mixed views about the two-year note auction . 
while some say the auction should proceed smoothly , others contend that yesterday 's sale of $ 9.99 billion of asset-backed securities by ford motor credit corp. may have UNKNOWN some potential institutional buyers from the government 's note sale . 
the division of auto maker ford motor co. made its debut in the asset-backed securities market with the second-largest issue in the market 's four-year history . 
the company offered securities backed by automobile loans through an underwriting group headed by first boston corp . 
the issue yields 9.99 % and carries a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from the company . 
first boston sweetened the terms from the original yield estimate in an apparent effort to place the huge offering . 
the issue was offered at a yield nearly one percentage point above the yield on two-year treasurys . 
the only asset-backed deal larger than ford 's was a $ 9 billion offering by general motors acceptance corp. in 9999 . 
treasury securities 
treasury bonds were 9\/9 to 9\/9 point higher yesterday in light trading . 
the benchmark 99-year bond ended at a price of 999 9\/99 , compared with 999 99\/99 friday . 
the latest 99-year notes were quoted late at 999 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % , compared with 999 9\/99 to yield 9.99 % . 
the latest two-year notes were quoted late at 999 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % . 
short-term rates rose yesterday at the government 's weekly treasury bill auction , compared with the previous bill sale . 
the treasury sold $ 9.99 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 9.99 % , the highest since the average of 9.99 % at the auction on oct. 99 . 
the $ 9.99 billion of six-month treasury bills were sold with an average discount rate of 9.99 % , the highest since the average of 9.99 % at the oct. 99 auction . 
the rates were up from last week 's auction , when they were 9.99 % and 9.99 % , respectively . 
here are auction details : 
rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
thus , higher bidding UNKNOWN the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
the percentage rates are calculated on a 999-day year , while the UNKNOWN yield is based on a 999-day year . 
both issues are dated oct. 99 . 
the 99-week bills mature jan. 99 , 9999 , and the 99-week bills mature april 99 , 9999 . 
corporate issues 
investment-grade UNKNOWN closed about 9\/9 point higher in quiet trading . 
in the junk bond market , imo industries ' issue of 99-year debentures , considered to be one of the market 's high-quality credits , was priced at par to yield 99 % . 
peter UNKNOWN , managing director at underwriter morgan stanley & co. , said the issue was UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN market , and if you have a good , strong credit , people have an appetite for it , '' he said . 
morgan stanley is expected to price another junk bond deal , $ 999 million of senior subordinated debentures by continental UNKNOWN inc. , next tuesday . 
in light of the recent UNKNOWN in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
in the case of UNKNOWN , salomon brothers inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 999 million portion of the offering . 
under the originally UNKNOWN terms of the offering , the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above treasurys . 
under the new plan being considered , the notes would reset annually at a rate to maintain a market value of 999 . 
price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 99 9\/9 % and 99 9\/9 % . 
mortgage-backed securities 
activity in derivative markets was strong with four new real estate mortgage investment UNKNOWN announced and talk of several more deals in today 's session . 
the federal national mortgage association offered $ 9.9 billion of remic securities in three issues , and the federal home loan mortgage corp. offered a $ 999 million remic backed by 9 % 99-year securities . 
part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are UNKNOWN mortgage securities being sold by thrifts . 
traders said thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks . 
in the mortgage UNKNOWN sector , active issues rose but trailed gains in the treasury market . 
government national mortgage association 9 % securities for november delivery were quoted late yesterday at 99 99\/99 , up 99\/99 ; and freddie mac 9 % securities were at 99 9\/9 , up 9\/9 . 
the ginnie mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.99 % to a 99-year average life assumption , as the spread above the treasury 99-year note widened slightly to 9.99 percentage points . 
municipals 
a $ 999 million san antonio , texas , electric and gas system revenue bond issue dominated the new issue sector . 
the refunding issue , which had been in the UNKNOWN for two months , was one of the chief offerings UNKNOWN the market and limiting price appreciation . 
but UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN failed to UNKNOWN much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 9\/9 to up 9\/9 point . 
an official with lead underwriter first boston said orders for the san antonio bonds were `` on the slow side . '' 
he attributed that to the issue 's aggressive pricing and large size , as well as the general UNKNOWN in the municipal marketplace . 
in addition , he noted , the issue would normally be the type purchased by property and casualty insurers , but recent disasters , such as hurricane hugo and the northern california earthquake , have stretched insurers ' resources and UNKNOWN their demand for bonds . 
a $ 999.9 million maryland stadium authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start . 
the issue was UNKNOWN and `` doing very well , '' according to an official with lead underwriter morgan stanley . 
activity quieted in the new york city bond market , where heavy investor selling last week drove yields on the issuer 's full faith and credit backed bonds up as much as 9.99 percentage point . 
foreign bonds 
japanese government bonds ended lower after the dollar rose modestly against the yen . 
the turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about japan 's bond market . 
the benchmark no. 999 9.9 % bond due 9999 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 99.99 , off 9.99 . 
the yield rose to 9.99 % . 
west german bond prices ended lower after a day of UNKNOWN trading . 
the benchmark 9 % bond due october 9999 fell 9.99 point to 99.99 to yield 9.99 % , while the 9 9\/9 % notes due july 9999 fell 9.99 to 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
british government bonds ended slightly higher in quiet trading as investors looked ahead to today 's british trade report . 
the benchmark 99 9\/9 % treasury bond due UNKNOWN rose 9\/9 to 999 99\/99 to yield 99.99 % , while the 99 % issue of 9999 rose 9\/99 to 999 99\/99 to yield 99.99 % . 
`` the UNKNOWN 's done gone from the hook -- 
damn ! 
my language sure goes to pot down here on the coast . '' 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN guide with the UNKNOWN cap UNKNOWN his face in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` i got to get back to school and UNKNOWN out my english . '' 
he has two more years at texas UNKNOWN . 
right now he takes people out to fish in the UNKNOWN behind the barrier islands that curve for hundreds of miles along the eastern coast of texas , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN green UNKNOWN behind UNKNOWN of sand and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN the deep blue of the gulf beyond . 
there have been three days of hot , UNKNOWN rain , and now with the first sun we are after UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which with UNKNOWN provides most of the game fishing UNKNOWN . 
the little radio UNKNOWN as other UNKNOWN want to see if we have found any fish -- UNKNOWN location is everything in this sport . 
negative answers UNKNOWN back . 
the fish often are UNKNOWN around the UNKNOWN of the old gas wells that UNKNOWN the flat surface like the remains of UNKNOWN ships . 
we go from one to the other . 
the sun is hot now though it 's only 9 in the morning . 
the great silver clouds on the horizon build themselves on the pale water . 
we cruise toward another set of UNKNOWN . 
the guide UNKNOWN into a UNKNOWN and puts a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the hook . 
then he UNKNOWN out . 
`` just wait for that UNKNOWN , that UNKNOWN . 
it comes real UNKNOWN before it UNKNOWN . 
do n't forget , UNKNOWN have very soft UNKNOWN . '' 
the radio UNKNOWN again . 
`` UNKNOWN ' one or two , '' says the guide , UNKNOWN . 
`` you can tell they 've got UNKNOWN ' . '' 
a pair of black UNKNOWN UNKNOWN past close to the surface . 
soon we have our limit of the UNKNOWN fish UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN and black . 
and we are the first back at the UNKNOWN , where the great blue UNKNOWN stand waiting by the cleaning UNKNOWN . 
the guide is young and he knows this business but he wants a different life after college , such as working for ibm and wearing a UNKNOWN . 
this must be the last big stretch of the american UNKNOWN that is `` UNKNOWN . '' 
there are a few UNKNOWN fishing towns with quiet UNKNOWN of resort houses nearby . 
people are not apt to be UNKNOWN about the place or themselves . 
texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all . 
UNKNOWN out just to the north of us is the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( after the UNKNOWN , not the game ) which forms the core of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN refuge . 
it is famous as the winter home of the UNKNOWN crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild america . 
last year a UNKNOWN shot a UNKNOWN by mistake thinking that it was a snow UNKNOWN . 
he paid an UNKNOWN fine and was lucky , according to a local UNKNOWN , to escape the gas chamber . 
the UNKNOWN comes off the vast UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plain with fields of rice and cotton and UNKNOWN as far as the eye can see . 
near the coast there are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of live UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , wild UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN are the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN , especially the UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN . 
above the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN and golden UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called UNKNOWN , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts . 
`` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' i read a sign in the usual UNKNOWN of the name as we UNKNOWN through . 
`` here in south texas we say UNKNOWN , '' my host UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. king is the director of the foreign press center in new york . 
UNKNOWN ag and UNKNOWN ag said they will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in january . 
the two west german electronics concerns said they have set up european power semiconductor co. to merge their activities in the field . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN each will hold a 99 % stake in the venture . 
the joint venture will have nominal capital of 99 million marks ( $ 99.9 million ) and 999 employees . 
it will develop , produce and market UNKNOWN electronic parts . 
UNKNOWN is west germany 's largest electronics group . 
UNKNOWN is 99 % owned by daimler-benz ag , the country 's biggest industrial concern . 
UNKNOWN corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9 a share , a year earlier . 
sales dropped 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the company , which supplies UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN parts to auto makers , said about half the earnings drop came from the `` UNKNOWN collapse '' of the UNKNOWN auto industry . 
the UNKNOWN currency plummeted this year , making it difficult for auto makers there to afford imported parts . 
UNKNOWN also said it was hurt by UNKNOWN u.s. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier . 
the company , based in toledo , ohio , had said it expected reduced third-quarter profit . 
mary anne UNKNOWN , an analyst at UNKNOWN investors in new york , said automotive suppliers were reporting lower profit almost `` across the board . '' 
UNKNOWN j. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's president , said the company 's decision to approve its normal fourth-quarter dividend indicated its underlying strength . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of japan 's UNKNOWN motor corp. , said the japanese car maker is planning joint production with ford motor co. in europe ahead of the european community 's 9999 integration . 
mr. UNKNOWN did n't disclose further details of the arrangement at a news conference , but said the project would be undertaken with ford 's european subsidiary . 
a ford official confirmed in tokyo that the u.s. motor vehicle maker is studying such an arrangement . 
at age eight , UNKNOWN baker was sent by her mother to a white woman 's house to do UNKNOWN in exchange for UNKNOWN and a place to UNKNOWN -- a place in the UNKNOWN with the coal . 
at age 99 , she was a paris UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN from unwanted child to international sex symbol in just over a decade . 
it is the stuff of UNKNOWN , but also of UNKNOWN . 
only the UNKNOWN spirits survive such UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
and , for ms. baker , the ride was far from over . 
her UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , her UNKNOWN , her voice , her beauty and , perhaps most UNKNOWN , her UNKNOWN , were prominent UNKNOWN , but UNKNOWN of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible . 
UNKNOWN , another american black woman who found a measure of fame in paris , said : `` i do n't think i 've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life , or whose life was more complicated than UNKNOWN 's . '' 
men were a constant UNKNOWN . 
baker had lots of them . 
but she did n't trust them and did n't reward trust . 
as she saw one key love affair , the problem was n't her UNKNOWN , it was his UNKNOWN . 
her appetite for children also was large . 
she adopted 99 of UNKNOWN races , UNKNOWN them the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and driving her husband first to UNKNOWN and then to argentina . 
she made money , but spent more . 
friends pitched in . 
finally , prince UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN grace saved her with the offer of a house in UNKNOWN . 
another UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , as UNKNOWN rose makes clear in `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : UNKNOWN baker in her time '' ( UNKNOWN , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) , was UNKNOWN . 
baker had the good luck to UNKNOWN in 9999 paris , where blacks had become exotic . 
african art was in UNKNOWN and some UNKNOWN were writing UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN age to be inspired by blacks . 
to be exotic was to be UNKNOWN as well as UNKNOWN , but for the most part paris was a friendly island in a UNKNOWN world . 
baker had bitter experience of UNKNOWN from her st. louis UNKNOWN and her days in new york theater , where she was UNKNOWN too dark for an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN line ( performing of course for UNKNOWN audiences ) . 
paris loved her at first UNKNOWN . 
`` she just UNKNOWN her UNKNOWN and all the french fell in love with her , '' UNKNOWN the literary world 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , not entirely UNKNOWN . 
`` one can hardly UNKNOWN the importance of her UNKNOWN end , '' ms. rose writes . 
ms. rose , who teaches literature at UNKNOWN university , quickly proceeds to UNKNOWN , claiming that baker 's UNKNOWN `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and UNKNOWN ignoring UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN . 
`` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' contains other , more important , false notes that UNKNOWN what is , for the most part , a UNKNOWN account of a life already familiar from earlier works . 
it is easy to see why baker , a free spirit who broke many of the UNKNOWN convention places on women , UNKNOWN ms. rose , the author of `` parallel lives , '' a wonderful study of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject . 
baker 's art was UNKNOWN only by the UNKNOWN stretch of the term . 
to find UNKNOWN , other than UNKNOWN appeal , with UNKNOWN , requires an equal stretch . 
baker was 99 years old when she died in paris , two days after the UNKNOWN opening of her UNKNOWN show : a UNKNOWN ending to what was a UNKNOWN life . 
in fact , ms. baker played scenes in UNKNOWN that could have made it into `` UNKNOWN . '' 
during world war ii , her UNKNOWN view of life led her to the conclusion that the UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 9 % of french citizens . 
she was devoted to charles de UNKNOWN 's cause , accepting great financial UNKNOWN and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN tour for the forces of free france . 
in UNKNOWN bogart 's UNKNOWN , victor UNKNOWN leads free french UNKNOWN in `` la UNKNOWN '' to UNKNOWN out the UNKNOWN . 
the night the germans occupied all of france , baker performed in UNKNOWN . 
the free french wore black arm UNKNOWN , and when she UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' they UNKNOWN . 
ms. rose is best on the early years and world war ii . 
in her introduction , ms. rose writes that she feels she has much in common with baker , but as `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' goes on , it seems more rushed , as though the author were growing less interested . 
it does n't help that sometimes ms. rose 's language fails to deliver the effect she appears to want . 
one chapter opens : `` world war ii was not one of france 's UNKNOWN moments . '' 
elsewhere , in an attempt to explain without stating it UNKNOWN that baker had a large UNKNOWN following later in her career when she was an UNKNOWN singer rather than UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , ms. rose writes : `` she was a female UNKNOWN who happened to be a woman . '' 
one devoted UNKNOWN who fell under baker 's UNKNOWN in 9999 and began collecting baker UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN hammond . 
in `` UNKNOWN baker '' ( jonathan UNKNOWN , 999 pages , $ 99 ) , which was published in britain last year and distributed in the u.s. this month , mr. hammond has used his collection to produce an UNKNOWN of photographs and UNKNOWN of the star . 
the text by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is a tough read , but the pictures make her UNKNOWN clear and help explain why ernest UNKNOWN called baker `` the most UNKNOWN woman anybody ever saw . 
or ever will . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is foreign editor of the journal . 
manville , having rid itself of asbestos , now sells UNKNOWN , forest products , minerals and industrial goods . 
UNKNOWN stuff it 's not . 
but manville 's ownership is unusual , and it has caught the eye of some UNKNOWN -- and patient -- investors . 
the UNKNOWN concern , which emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings late last year , is controlled by the manville personal injury settlement trust . 
the trust , which owns 99 % of manville 's stock on a fully diluted basis , is a separate legal entity that is settling claims with asbestos victims . 
when and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its manville stock to cash . 
but as an 99 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares . 
some investors say there is a good chance that the trust will , instead , seek to convert the company 's shares to cash , in some sort of friendly restructuring that would n't involve just UNKNOWN stock on the market . 
`` their principal asset is manville common stock , '' says jeffrey UNKNOWN , who runs UNKNOWN associates , an investment fund that owns manville shares . 
`` if they tried to sell , they 'd be UNKNOWN their own UNKNOWN . 
what makes the most sense is to find someone who wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares . '' 
the trust is n't commenting on when it might need to UNKNOWN its manville stock . 
however , the trust 's cash flow from investments is far short of its payments to asbestos victims . 
its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 999 million in the first six months of 9999 . 
the trust also will receive $ 99 million a year starting in 9999 on a bond it holds from manville . 
and , beginning in 9999 , it will have a claim on as much as 99 % of manville 's annual net income . 
even so , the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch . 
as of june 99 , it had settled only about 99,999 of the 99,999 received claims from asbestos victims , for an average of $ 99,999 each . 
( the average should drop over time , since the most expensive claims are being settled first ) . 
and as of UNKNOWN , settled but UNKNOWN claims amounted to $ 999 million -- more than half the trust 's total of $ 999 million in cash and marketable securities . 
`` at some point , we 're going to need an UNKNOWN of funds , '' a person close to the trust says . 
even before then , the trust may be eager to UNKNOWN manville stock . 
it does n't pay a dividend , and this trust needs income . 
moreover , with 99 % of its assets tied up in manville , the trust is badly in need of diversification . 
`` obviously , a diversified portfolio would have less risk , '' the person close to the trust says . 
manville itself does n't rule out a restructuring . 
though the ink is barely dry on its new , UNKNOWN law structure , bill UNKNOWN , manville 's head of investor relations , says the company is continually UNKNOWN `` whether there is a better way to be structured . 
we understand that the trust is ultimately going to need to sell some of our shares , '' he says . 
of course , one option would be for manville to buy out the trust 's shares -- which would do little to benefit public stockholders . 
but the trust , in most cases , is UNKNOWN from seeking a buyer for only its shares before november 9999 . 
and both the trust and manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , UNKNOWN the manville name . 
thus , analysts say , the trust is unlikely to do anything that would hurt manville 's other shareholders . 
`` this is a rare case of a company with a big majority holder which will probably act in the interests of the minority holders , '' one investor says . 
even if there is no restructuring , manville seems to be attractive long-term . 
its stock , at 9 9\/9 , trades at about 9 9\/9 times estimated 9999 earnings -- an UNKNOWN low multiple for a company with UNKNOWN customers . 
mr. UNKNOWN says 99 % of revenues are tied to construction . 
analysts predict little or no near-term growth . 
they are , nonetheless , high on manville 's management . 
`` it 's one of the best in the business , '' says salomon brothers analyst stephen UNKNOWN . 
and he says manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other UNKNOWN firms are hurting and selling cheap . 
with a conservative UNKNOWN ratio of UNKNOWN -- and $ 999 million in cash -- manville is indeed actively on the UNKNOWN . 
so far , as a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , manville has n't bought much . 
paul UNKNOWN , an analyst at UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , says , `` even though they have borrowing power , they have been disciplined about acquisitions . '' 
and mr. UNKNOWN says that with 99 % of its stock in friendly hands , manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul . 
manville ( nyse ; symbol : UNKNOWN ) 
business : forest products and UNKNOWN 
year ended dec. 99 , 9999 : sales : $ 9.99 billions net loss : $ 9.99 billion \* 
third quarter , sept. 99 , 9999 : per-share earnings : 99 cents vs. 99 cents \*\* 
average daily trading volume : 99,999 shares 
common shares outstanding : 999 million 
\* includes $ 9.99 billion extraordinary charge . 
\*\* year ago figure is restated . 
emerson electric co. and robert UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said the federal trade commission has requested additional information from the two companies about their announced intention to acquire vermont american corp. for $ 99 a share , or about $ 999 million . 
yesterday , in composite trading on the american stock exchange , vermont american common closed at $ 99.99 , off 99 cents . 
the ftc 's request was `` not unusual '' and emerson will make a `` full and UNKNOWN '' response , according to a spokesman . 
spokesmen for emerson and vermont american , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate `` any problems '' with the completion of the transaction . 
an ftc spokesman said the matter is `` in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at this time '' and declined to comment further . 
emerson and UNKNOWN , through their joint acquisition arm , UNKNOWN acquisition , have begun a cash tender offer for all of vermont 's common shares outstanding . 
the offer , set to expire nov. 9 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the ftc request , the companies said . 
st. UNKNOWN emerson and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN make electrical and electronic products , including power tools . 
the vermont american acquisition is designed to UNKNOWN their position in the accessories portion of the UNKNOWN industry . 
santa fe pacific corp. is preparing a plan to sell a 99 % stake in its large real estate unit to a california public employee pension fund for $ 999 million , after which it would spin off the realty operation to shareholders . 
the plan places an indicated value on the real estate operation , santa fe pacific realty corp. , of $ 9 billion . 
santa fe pacific directors are expected to review the plan at a meeting today , according to people familiar with the transaction . 
if approved , the sale is expected to close by year 's end , with the spinoff UNKNOWN by the end of 9999 . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange yesterday , santa fe pacific closed at $ 99.999 , down 99 cents . 
santa fe pacific realty is a major california land and building owner whose prime properties include 9,999 UNKNOWN acres in the san francisco bay area , and several office sites . 
a spokesman said the properties survived without significant damage in last week 's northern california earthquake . 
as a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 99 billion california public employees retirement system would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan . 
a spokesman for chicago-based santa fe pacific confirmed that negotiations were being held with the fund . 
also holding two seats each on the board , they said , would be olympia & york developments ltd. , controlled by the UNKNOWN family of canada , and UNKNOWN corp. , controlled by chicago businessman sam UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN and mr. UNKNOWN , the largest holders of santa fe pacific stock , have been looking for ways to raise the value of their investments , including possible UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN bought a 99 % stake in UNKNOWN fe pacific last year and olympia & york later purchased about a 99 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in UNKNOWN fe pacific . 
the sale and spinoff of the real estate unit is the first phase of what could lead to the UNKNOWN of santa fe pacific into UNKNOWN companies for its railroad and energy operations , as well as real estate . 
the UNKNOWN parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price . 
at the same time it has been caught in an earnings squeeze . 
the california pension fund 's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual . 
pension funds rarely own as much as a 99 % stake in what is expected to be a publicly traded company . 
in addition , pension funds are rarely given seats on company boards and most often try to avoid them because of legal concerns . 
but fund officials said the santa fe pacific realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with california properties . 
it also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said dale hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
under the proposed plan , the fund would also lend santa fe pacific realty $ 99 million in the form of a note that would be convertible into additional shares of the realty company after the second year at the UNKNOWN market price . 
the note would UNKNOWN interest at the rate of 99.9 % a year , which would be payable to the fund after five years , according to stephen e. UNKNOWN , a real estate consultant working for the fund . 
the purpose of the note is to provide added capital for the UNKNOWN company in a form that will save it spending cash on immediate interest payments , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
the UNKNOWN concern `` clearly will be one of the dominant real estate development companies with a prime portfolio , '' he said . 
for the last year , santa fe pacific has UNKNOWN its real estate operations toward UNKNOWN development of its properties , hurting profits that the parent had generated in the past from periodic sales from its portfolio . 
real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $ 99.9 million from $ 999 million a year earlier , the company said . 
in a statement late yesterday , santa fe pacific 's chairman , robert d. UNKNOWN , said that santa fe pacific realty would repay more than $ 999 million in debt owed to the parent before the planned spinoff . 
that would help reduce santa fe pacific 's remaining debt to about $ 999 million from a high of $ 9.9 billion in early 9999 . 
it was n't clear where santa fe pacific expected to obtain the payment of more than $ 999 million , which would be well above the $ 999 million that california pension fund officials say they plan to provide . 
the realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors , among other UNKNOWN . 
the santa fe pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under UNKNOWN . 
santa fe pacific realty owns 9.9 million acres of property , including 999 buildings with more than 99 million square feet of space . 
it also holds nearly 99,999 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 9,999 acres in california , arizona and the chicago area . 
among those are the 9,999 acres in the san francisco bay area , including 999 acres in the mission bay area . 
the california pension fund , which has $ 99 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages , could be a valuable funding source for that development , although it is n't UNKNOWN to make further investments . 
the fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now UNKNOWN $ 9 billion a year . 
fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with santa fe pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers UNKNOWN realty corp. of chicago . 
UNKNOWN officials are expected to be hired to represent the pension fund on the santa fe pacific realty board , mr. UNKNOWN said , to UNKNOWN the fund from potential liability problems . 
gaf , part iii is scheduled to begin today . 
after two UNKNOWN , the stakes in the stock UNKNOWN trial of gaf corp. and its vice chairman , james t. sherwin , have changed considerably . 
the first two gaf trials were watched closely on wall street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its UNKNOWN investigations . 
in an UNKNOWN indictment , the government charged gaf , a wayne , n.j. , chemical maker , and mr. sherwin with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of union carbide corp. in advance of gaf 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 9999 . 
the government 's credibility in the gaf case UNKNOWN heavily on its star witness , UNKNOWN l. jefferies , the former los angeles brokerage chief who was UNKNOWN by former UNKNOWN ivan boesky , and then pointed the UNKNOWN at mr. sherwin , takeover UNKNOWN UNKNOWN b. lewis and corporate raider paul UNKNOWN . 
the gaf trials were viewed as UNKNOWN of the government 's strength in its cases against mr. lewis and mr. UNKNOWN . 
mr. jefferies 's performance as a witness was expected to affect his UNKNOWN . 
but gaf 's bellwether role was short-lived . 
the first gaf trial ended in a UNKNOWN after four weeks when u.s. district judge mary johnson lowe found that a prosecutor improperly , but UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN a document . 
after 99 hours of UNKNOWN , the jurors in the second trial said they were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and another UNKNOWN was declared on march 99 . 
meanwhile , a federal jury found mr. UNKNOWN guilty on securities fraud and other charges in june . 
a month later , mr. jefferies was UNKNOWN a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government . 
in august , mr. lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts . 
nevertheless , the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the gaf case . 
the UNKNOWN have left the UNKNOWN of gaf , mr. sherwin and gaf chairman samuel UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . 
for mr. sherwin , a conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison and a $ 999,999 fine on each count . 
gaf faces potential fines of $ 999,999 for each count . 
individuals familiar with the case said that throughout september , defense attorneys were talking with the government in an effort to prevent a trial , but by the end of the month the talks had ended . 
there is much speculation among attorneys not involved that the strategy of gaf 's attorney , arthur UNKNOWN , and mr. sherwin 's counsel , stephen UNKNOWN , will include testimony by mr. sherwin or mr. UNKNOWN . 
neither UNKNOWN at the previous trials . 
for now , defense attorneys are UNKNOWN about their plans . 
max UNKNOWN , another gaf defense attorney , said yesterday , `` as we go in for the third time , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's famous line is apt : ` it 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN all over again . ' '' 
dalkon shield claimants hope to stop UNKNOWN appeal . 
attorneys for more than 99,999 women who claim injuries from the dalkon shield UNKNOWN device have asked the u.s. supreme court to refuse to hear an appeal of the bankruptcy-law reorganization plan for UNKNOWN robins co. , which manufactured the device . 
the dispute UNKNOWN two groups of claimants against each other . 
baltimore attorney michael a. UNKNOWN and 99 other attorneys representing 99,999 claimants in the u.s. and abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- and perhaps even UNKNOWN -- a $ 9.99 billion settlement fund that is the UNKNOWN of the reorganization plan . 
the UNKNOWN reorganization is being UNKNOWN before the supreme court by a dissident group of claimants because it places a cap on the total amount of money available to settle claims . 
it also UNKNOWN future suits against robins company officials , members of the robins family and robins 's former insurer , aetna life & casualty co . 
the latter provision is `` UNKNOWN unprecedented , '' said alan b. morrison , a public interest lawyer in washington , d.c. , who is challenging the plan on behalf of 999 claimants . 
more than 999,999 claims against robins are pending . 
the company made and marketed the dalkon shield in the early 9999s amid mounting evidence that it could cause serious injuries . 
robins has been in proceedings under chapter 99 of the u.s. bankruptcy code since august 9999 ; such proceedings give it protection from creditor lawsuits while it works out a plan for paying its debts . 
american home products corp. wants to acquire robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are UNKNOWN . 
in a brief filed with the supreme court last week , mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the appeal for raising `` UNKNOWN '' and `` theoretical '' legal issues , while UNKNOWN the proposed reorganization and the settlement payments to claimants . 
the supreme court is scheduled to consider the case nov. 9 and may issue a decision as early as nov. 9 . 
jury 's criminal conviction under superfund law is a first . 
charles a. UNKNOWN , sole UNKNOWN of a louisville , ky. , UNKNOWN company , was found guilty of violating the superfund law as well as the clean air act . 
criminal UNKNOWN under the federal superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case . 
under superfund , those who owned , generated or UNKNOWN hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup , regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time . 
environmental lawyers say virtually all of the superfund cases to date have involved civil penalties designed to UNKNOWN cleanup of past UNKNOWN activities . 
but superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic UNKNOWN into the environment . 
in 9999 congress strengthened the penalty by making it a felony . 
mr. UNKNOWN was convicted in louisville late last month of violating superfund by failing to report the release of asbestos into the environment from a building he was UNKNOWN . 
he was also convicted of failing to properly remove asbestos from the building , a violation of the clean air act . 
the government sought a criminal penalty because `` no cleanup is possible here . 
once { asbestos } is released into the environment , it can UNKNOWN anywhere , '' says richard a. dennis , the assistant u.s. attorney who UNKNOWN the case . 
mr. UNKNOWN is scheduled to be sentenced dec. 99 . 
his lawyer could not be reached for comment . 
mr. UNKNOWN faces as much as three years in prison and a $ 999,999 fine for the superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 999,999 fine for the violation of the clean air act . 
ted UNKNOWN lawyers switch to victims ' side in UNKNOWN case . 
wilmer , cutler & UNKNOWN , the washington , d.c. , law firm that spent over $ 9 million fighting the execution of UNKNOWN ted UNKNOWN -- who eventually was executed -- has taken on another death penalty case before the supreme court , this time on the side of the family of four murder victims in arkansas . 
the law firm has filed a UNKNOWN brief jointly with the washington legal foundation , a conservative legal group . 
the key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro UNKNOWN , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review . 
the UNKNOWN , ronald gene simmons , was convicted of killing 99 people . 
another UNKNOWN on death row has appealed mr. simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity . 
wilmer cutler 's brief argues that there is no UNKNOWN appellate review of capital UNKNOWN and that the UNKNOWN who filed the appeal lacks proper standing . 
UNKNOWN mode , wilmer cutler 's managing partner , says the trial team that represented mr. UNKNOWN was asked by the firm 's pro UNKNOWN committee whether the new case UNKNOWN a conflict and that no UNKNOWN were raised . 
the UNKNOWN of the law firm and the washington legal foundation is odd also , because wilmer cutler was one of the firms singled out for criticism two years ago by the conservative legal group for UNKNOWN a liberal bias in its pro UNKNOWN work . 
`` we give them a lot of credit for taking this case , '' says UNKNOWN 's alan UNKNOWN . 
the case of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : 
in federal court in manhattan , three defendants pleaded guilty to charges of fraud in connection with the sale of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
james UNKNOWN and larry evans , formerly owners of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gallery , and UNKNOWN clark , a UNKNOWN sales representative , were charged with conducting UNKNOWN telephone sales in which they UNKNOWN cheap copies of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as signed , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN were sold for $ 9,999 to $ 9,999 , although the government says they had a value of only $ 99 to $ 999 apiece . 
henry UNKNOWN , the assistant u.s. attorney handling the case , said about 9,999 customers were UNKNOWN and that UNKNOWN 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 9.9 million . 
attorneys for messrs. UNKNOWN and evans and ms. UNKNOWN said that although their clients admitted to making some UNKNOWN in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by mr. UNKNOWN , who died in january . 
the UNKNOWN were printed on paper UNKNOWN by mr. UNKNOWN , the attorneys said . 
westamerica UNKNOWN said richard w. decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board . 
the banking company could n't be reached to comment beyond a written announcement . 
it did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to `` management style '' and `` strategic objectives . '' 
westamerica said mr. decker 's posts were assumed by david UNKNOWN , westamerica 's chairman , who at 99 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
mr. decker is about 99 years old . 
neither mr. UNKNOWN nor mr. decker could be reached to comment . 
westamerica has about $ 9.9 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern california . 
it controls about 99 % of the affluent UNKNOWN county market across the golden gate bridge from san francisco . 
mr. decker 's resignation surprised many industry officials . 
he was brought to the company in september 9999 after 99 years at los angeles-based first interstate bancorp . 
the bank had been suffering in late 9999 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in arizona . 
when he was hired , mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN mr. decker 's `` extraordinary ... skills '' and his `` outstanding reputation as one of the west 's UNKNOWN bankers . '' 
though the bank is n't performing as well as some of its competitors in the lucrative california market , its condition has improved since mr. decker took over . 
for the six months ended june 99 , it earned $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
its stock also has risen lately , at least partly because it is considered a possible takeover candidate . 
interstate banking is scheduled to begin in california in 9999 , and larger california banks , such as wells fargo & co. , have been paying fat premiums to buy smaller banks to control markets before any UNKNOWN banks enter the UNKNOWN . 
in american stock exchange composite trading yesterday , westamerica closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99 cents . 
UNKNOWN associates inc. , palo alto , calif. , reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunged more than 99 % to $ 9 million , or five cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
the diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended sept. 99 , on previously reported operating problems in its UNKNOWN devices & systems group . 
for the full fiscal year , UNKNOWN posted a 99 % profit rise to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , last year . 
sales for the year rose almost 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion last year . 
a profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from the sale of a division . 
UNKNOWN , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
shares of UNKNOWN , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 99.99 , down 99.9 cents in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
sales rose 99 % in the fiscal fourth quarter to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million on the strength in semiconductors and other products . 
in a UNKNOWN effort to keep its sales force and customer base , integrated resources inc. said it agreed in principle to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives . 
the financial-services firm , struggling since summer to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing after missing interest payments on about $ 9 billion of debt , will retain the right to regain the subsidiary . 
it said it will exercise that right only if it sells substantially all of its other core businesses . 
it also can sell the right to regain the subsidiary to another party . 
also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , integrated resources equity corp. , was UNKNOWN royal alliance associates inc . 
because of integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been UNKNOWN a name change . 
royal alliance , to which the 9,999 representatives ' licenses will be transferred , is a shell company integrated owns . 
in the transaction , integrated will transfer 999 % ownership of the subsidiary to gerard m. UNKNOWN , executive vice president of integrated and head of UNKNOWN operations at the subsidiary , and gary w. UNKNOWN , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
integrated will pump $ 9.9 million to $ 9 million into royal alliance as initial funding . 
in an interview , mr. UNKNOWN said that based on criteria yet to be determined , he expects to distribute 99 % of royal alliance to the representatives , who sell integrated 's insurance and mutual-fund products . 
if integrated UNKNOWN royal alliance , the representatives will retain their 99 % ownership . 
mr. UNKNOWN indicated that completion of the transaction could take several weeks , and it was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime . 
the subsidiary is n't expected to be profitable for at least one year . 
if integrated UNKNOWN the unit , it would receive any profit the unit reports , even while the unit is independent . 
if the deal closes , the two officers will draw salaries from the independent operation , not from integrated . 
many aspects of the agreement were worked out wednesday in chicago , when integrated senior managers met with about 999 representatives . 
`` i think it was something that we and they thought was UNKNOWN , '' said stephen d. UNKNOWN , chairman and co-chief executive officer of integrated . 
integrated made its announcement after the market closed . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , integrated shares closed at $ 9.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
the dollar weakened in UNKNOWN trading as foreign-exchange dealers UNKNOWN fresh economic news that they hope will UNKNOWN the u.s. unit out of its narrow ranges . 
the canadian dollar climbed to its highest level against the u.s. dollar since late august , prompting the bank of canada to sell the canadian currency on the market . 
traders say that after a week of UNKNOWN tracking every development on wall street , the foreign-exchange market has settled back to catch its UNKNOWN ahead of new u.s. economic data . 
they noted , however , that a 99-point drop in the dow jones industrial average gave the dollar a sharp UNKNOWN downward late in the day . 
in late new york trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , down from 9.9999 marks late friday , and at 999.99 yen , down from 999.99 yen late friday . 
sterling was quoted at $ 9.9999 , up from $ 9.9999 late friday . 
in tokyo tuesday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , down from monday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
the market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the u.s. third-quarter gross national product , due out thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace . 
the consensus view on real gnp , the total value of the u.s. output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 9.9 % gain on an annual basis , slowing somewhat from the second quarter 's 9.9 % , but still fairly strong . 
few market participants expect the u.s. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected . 
many contend that the report may UNKNOWN the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last UNKNOWN statistics for some time to come . 
`` everyone is waiting for gnp , '' says walter simon , an assistant treasurer with bank UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co . 
`` yet even a relatively strong number -- 9.9 % to 9.9 % -- wo n't alter the market 's view that the economy is softening . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , managing director of foreign exchange at credit UNKNOWN in new york , adds , `` the market sees this as the last piece of good news . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN notes that the gnp UNKNOWN , a measure of inflation , is expected to slow , which would give the federal reserve more room to ease key u.s. rates . 
analysts predict a 9.9 % rise in the UNKNOWN , after climbing 9.9 % in the second quarter . 
they note that when an unexpectedly sharp UNKNOWN in the u.s. trade gap in august was reported earlier this month , hopes for a sustained narrowing of the trade deficit were UNKNOWN and sentiment UNKNOWN the market that the u.s. economy was losing its momentum . 
a 999-point plunge in u.s. stock shares UNKNOWN the view , they say . 
`` everyone is extremely convinced the economy is slowing , '' says one senior new york dealer . 
`` if we 're not headed for a recession , we 're certainly headed for a major slowdown . '' 
while the market expects little reaction from news of u.s. durable goods orders , scheduled for release today , participants note that the figures will probably serve to UNKNOWN this bearish sentiment . 
u.s. durable goods orders are expected to show a decline of 9.9 % in september , according to economists . 
the anticipated drop follows a 9.9 % rise in august . 
traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little UNKNOWN for buying dollars , the u.s. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 9.99 marks and 999 yen . 
its UNKNOWN around these levels is pegged to persistent investor demand for the UNKNOWN , especially in japan . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery settled at $ 999 an ounce , down 99 cents . 
estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 999.99 an ounce . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. , new york , said its third-quarter net income jumped 99 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN women 's apparel and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales in the quarter gained 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN shares closed yesterday at $ 99.999 , up 99 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
UNKNOWN 's directors also declared its regular cash dividend payment of five cents a share payable on dec. 9 to shareholders of record at the close of business on nov. 99 . 
for the nine months , net income rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share a year earlier . 
sales gained 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 999 million . 
tokyo stocks closed firmer monday , with the nikkei index making its fifth consecutive daily gain . 
stocks also rose in london , while the frankfurt market was mixed . 
in tokyo , the nikkei index added 99.99 to 99999.99 . 
the index moved above UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN , nearly reaching the record of 99999.99 set sept. 99 . 
but the market lost part of the early gains on UNKNOWN investment trust fund selling . 
in early trading in tokyo tuesday , the nikkei index rose 9.99 points to 99999.99 . 
on monday , traders noted that some investors took profits against the UNKNOWN of the nikkei 's UNKNOWN recovery following its plunge last monday in reaction to the oct. 99 drop in new york stock prices . 
but overall buying interest remained strong through monday , with many observers saying they expect the nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week . 
turnover remained relatively small . 
volume on the first section was estimated at 999 million shares , down from 9.99 billion shares friday . 
the tokyo stock price index of first section issues was up 9.99 at 9999.99 . 
relatively stable foreign currency dealings monday were viewed UNKNOWN by market players , traders said . 
but institutional investors may wait a little longer to UNKNOWN the direction of the u.s. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , general manager of the stock department at UNKNOWN securities , said monday 's trading was `` UNKNOWN . '' 
he said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term . 
the selective approach UNKNOWN UNKNOWN such as UNKNOWN issues , UNKNOWN issues or UNKNOWN shares , which had been providing at least some trading direction over the past few weeks , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some UNKNOWN companies such as UNKNOWN corp. , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN gained 99 yen to 9,999 yen ( $ 99.99 ) . 
some pharmaceutical shares were popular on rumors related to new products to be introduced at a cancer conference that opened in UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN was up 99 at 999 , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gained 99 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN advanced 99 to 9,999 . 
fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
fujisawa gained 99 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN was up 99 to 9,999 , receiving investor interest for its land property holdings near tokyo , a trader said . 
london prices closed modestly higher in the year 's UNKNOWN turnover , a condition that underscored a lack of conviction ahead of a u.k. balance of payments report tuesday . 
limited volume ahead of the september trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for london equities . 
they pegged the support largely to anticipation that britain 's current account UNKNOWN ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in july and august . 
`` it 's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell , '' a senior dealer with kleinwort benson securities said . 
`` it 's better to wait . '' 
the financial times 999-share index finished 99.9 points higher at 9999.9 . 
the 99-share index closed 99.9 points higher at 9999.9 . 
volume was 999.9 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 999.9 million shares sept. 99 , the session before the august trade figures were released . 
analysts ' expectations suggest a september current account deficit of # 9.9 billion ( $ 9.99 billion ) , compared with august 's # 9.9 billion deficit . 
dealers , however , said forecasts are broadly UNKNOWN with estimates ranging between # 9 billion and # 9 billion . 
`` the range of expectations is so broad , '' a dealer at another major u.k. brokerage firm said , `` the deficit may have to be UNKNOWN or above # 9 billion for it to have any impact on the market . '' 
UNKNOWN industries , a british automotive and aerospace concern , rose 99 pence to 999 pence after it said its pretax profit for the year rose 99 % . 
share prices on the frankfurt stock exchange closed narrowly mixed in quiet dealings after recovering most of their early losses . 
the UNKNOWN index eased 9.99 point to end at 9999.99 after falling 9.9 points early in the session . 
brokers said the declines early in the day were partly caused by losses of the ruling UNKNOWN union in UNKNOWN elections in the state of UNKNOWN . 
the start of a UNKNOWN conference by the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN metal worker union in berlin is drawing attention to the impending wage negotiations , which could boost companies ' personnel costs next year , they said . 
but there was little selling pressure , and even small orders at the lower levels UNKNOWN to bring the market back to friday 's opening levels . 
traders said the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last monday 's record 99 % loss . 
the market is still 9 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the UNKNOWN has closed that gap . 
but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief trader at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN ) , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks . 
banking stocks were the major gainers monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as deutsche bank and UNKNOWN bank added 9 marks each to 999 marks ( $ 999 ) and 999 marks , respectively . 
UNKNOWN gained 9 to 999.9 . 
auto shares were mixed , as daimler-benz UNKNOWN 9 to 999 , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN lost the same amount to 999 , and UNKNOWN inched down 9.9 to 999.9 . 
elsewhere , prices closed higher in amsterdam , lower in zurich , stockholm and milan , mixed in brussels and unchanged in paris . 
shares closed higher in hong kong , singapore and manila , and were lower in sydney , seoul and taipei . 
wellington was closed . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
enviropact inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its pump and tank division and UNKNOWN division to UNKNOWN chemical services for $ 9 million . 
the UNKNOWN environmental engineering concern said UNKNOWN chemical also will assume about $ 9.9 million in debt related to those divisions . 
further , UNKNOWN will buy $ 9 million of enviropact common stock , at $ 9.999 a share , plus an option to acquire an additional $ 9.9 million of common at the same price , the company said . 
in american stock exchange composite trading yesterday , enviropact closed at $ 9 a share , up 99 cents . 
enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 9 million of the company 's $ 99 million in annual revenue . 
the transaction is expected to close within about 99 days , the company added . 
enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 9.9 million that was due sept. 99 . 
UNKNOWN is a unit of UNKNOWN transportation ltd. of burlington , canada . 
monday , october 99 , 9999 
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
prime rate : 99 9\/9 % . 
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks . 
federal funds : 9 9\/9 % high , 9 99\/99 % low , 9 99\/99 % near closing bid , 9 9\/9 % offered . 
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 9 million or more . 
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a . ) inc . 
discount rate : 9 % . 
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank . 
call money : 9 9\/9 % to 99 % . 
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 9.99 % 9 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days . 
commercial paper : high-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 9,999 : 9.999 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days . 
certificates of deposit : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % two months ; 9.99 % three months ; 9 % six months ; 9.99 % one year . 
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 9 million and more . 
the minimum unit is $ 999,999 . 
typical rates in the secondary market : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % three months ; 9.99 % six months . 
bankers acceptances : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days . 
negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
london late eurodollars : 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % two months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % three months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % four months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % five months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % six months . 
london interbank offered rates ( libor ) : 9 9\/9 % one month ; 9 9\/9 % three months ; 9 9\/99 % six months ; 9 9\/9 % one year . 
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks . 
foreign prime rates : canada 99.99 % ; germany 9 % ; japan 9.999 % ; switzerland 9.99 % ; britain 99 % . 
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
results of the monday , october 99 , 9999 , auction of short-term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 99,999 to $ 9 million : 9.99 % , 99 weeks ; 9.99 % , 99 weeks . 
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ) : posted yields on 99-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days . 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.999 % , 9 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) : posted yields on 99 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days ( priced at par ) . 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.99 % , 9\/9 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 9.99 % . 
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 99 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
bankers trust new york corp. , as expected , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 9.99 billion , or $ 99.99 a share , following its $ 9.9 billion boost in reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries . 
the loss compares with net income of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
interest income rose 99 % to about $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the new york bank holding company 's assets at sept. 99 climbed to $ 99.9 billion from $ 99.9 billion . 
excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , bankers trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 99 % to $ 999 million . 
a number of major banks have posted big losses after sharply increasing loan-loss reserves . 
most of the loans in question are to third world countries in south america . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , bankers trust fell 99.9 cents to $ 99.99 . 
bristol-myers squibb co . ( new york ) -- 
gerald c. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , was named president of the UNKNOWN division of this pharmaceuticals and health-care company . 
he succeeds c. benjamin UNKNOWN jr. , who will retire nov. 9 . 
mr. UNKNOWN declined to give his age , but he said his leaving is a normal retirement . 
mr. UNKNOWN had been executive vice president of the division since april . 
UNKNOWN , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of bristol-myers co. before that company 's merger with squibb corp . 
annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the federal reserve board on a UNKNOWN basis : 
a - discounted rate . 
b - week ended wednesday , october 99 , 9999 and wednesday october 99 , 9999 . 
c - yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
american telephone & telegraph co. said it will spend $ 99 million to build a factory in UNKNOWN , mexico , to make telephone UNKNOWN machines . 
construction of the UNKNOWN facility will begin next year , with production expected to start in late 9999 . 
when fully operational , the UNKNOWN factory will UNKNOWN about 9,999 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 9 million to $ 9 million . 
an at&t representative said that the UNKNOWN factory will make a full line of UNKNOWN machines . 
at&t already has a factory in UNKNOWN , mexico , to make electrical devices . 
it also purchases data systems products from a manufacturer based in UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN industries plc , a british maker of industrial parts and systems , reported a 99 % rise in pretax profit for the year to july 99 , helped in particular by a 99 % jump in operating profit at its aerospace division . 
pretax profit in the latest year climbed to # 999.9 million ( $ 999.9 million ) from # 999.9 million ( $ 999.9 million ) . 
profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items climbed 99 % to # 999.9 million from # 999.9 million , with earnings per share rising to 99.9 pence ( $ 9.99 ) from 99.9 pence ( $ 9.99 ) . 
the results were at the upper end of market expectations , which ranged from # 999 million to # 999 million . 
tw services inc. posted a $ 9.9 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 99.9 million profit , reflecting $ 99 million of expenses related to its UNKNOWN proposed takeover by coniston partners . 
the per-share loss for the UNKNOWN , n.j. , UNKNOWN concern totaled seven cents , compared with earnings of 99 cents a share a year earlier . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
coniston , a new york investment partnership , UNKNOWN a vote by tw 's shareholders , scheduled for friday , on coniston 's $ 99-a-share , or $ 9.99 billion , offer for tw . 
nine-month net income dropped 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN engine co. , columbus , UNKNOWN , hurt by a drop in engine orders from UNKNOWN makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 999.9 million . 
in the year-earlier period , the maker of UNKNOWN engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , with sales of $ 999.9 million . 
a spokeswoman said shipments of truck engines , which provide a higher margin than most of the company 's other products , declined 99 % from a year earlier . 
although UNKNOWN 's stock UNKNOWN last month after the company projected a `` substantial '' UNKNOWN loss , the stock also fell $ 9.999 in composite new york stock exchange trading yesterday , to $ 99.99 . 
it traded as high as $ 99 a month ago , before the loss projection . 
for the nine months , the latest loss trimmed net income to $ 9.9 million , which after payment of preferred dividends represented a UNKNOWN loss a common share . 
the UNKNOWN loss was $ 9.9 million , or $ 9.99 a common share . 
exxon corp. filed suit against the state of alaska , charging state officials UNKNOWN with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
the action is a UNKNOWN to a suit filed by alaska in august against exxon and six other oil companies . 
the state 's suit alleges that exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent UNKNOWN of hundreds of miles of UNKNOWN along prince william sound . 
that suit and exxon 's UNKNOWN were filed in a state court in UNKNOWN . 
neither suit lists specific dollar claims , largely because damage assessment has n't yet been completed . 
legal UNKNOWN say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 9 billion . 
litigation , if not settled out of court , could drag on for years . 
exxon said in its suit that it will seek UNKNOWN from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct . 
the oil company claims that alaskan officials prevented exxon from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN onto the almost 99 million UNKNOWN of oil dumped when one of its UNKNOWN ran into an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
craig UNKNOWN , an alaska assistant attorney general , said in an interview last night that exxon 's accusations `` are not new . 
exxon has made them before , at which point the state UNKNOWN they were UNKNOWN . 
the state will UNKNOWN defend against any UNKNOWN . '' 
since the spill last march , exxon and the state have been UNKNOWN over whether UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the oil in the first hours after the spill , when the weather was clear and UNKNOWN , would have helped limit the environmental damage . 
exxon claims that use of UNKNOWN , which break an oil slick into UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was a crucial part of its UNKNOWN plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill . 
the oil company claims that it had permission from the u.s. environmental protection agency prior to the spill to use UNKNOWN during such an incident at the UNKNOWN of the u.s. coast guard . 
the state 's opposition to the use of UNKNOWN , exxon says , caused the coast guard `` to delay UNKNOWN permission . '' 
alaskan and coast guard officials say exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the UNKNOWN was n't working anyway . 
use of UNKNOWN was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results , officials said . 
UNKNOWN investment ltd. , a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN investment firm , said it raised its stake in UNKNOWN industries to 9.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
in a securities and exchange commission filing , UNKNOWN said it holds 99,999 UNKNOWN common shares , including net purchases of 9,999 shares bought from oct. 99 , 9999 , to oct. 99 , 9999 , for $ 9.999 to $ 9 each . 
UNKNOWN is the personal holding company of steven UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN securities dealer . 
he said the transaction was made for investment purposes . 
officials for sun valley , calif.-based UNKNOWN could n't be reached for comment . 
in composite trading on the american stock exchange , UNKNOWN closed unchanged yesterday at $ 9.999 a share . 
the house appropriations committee approved an estimated $ 9.99 billion in emergency funding to assist california 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and to extend further aid to east coast victims of hurricane hugo . 
the package was termed excessive by the bush administration , but it also UNKNOWN a struggle with influential california lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 9 billion more and waive current restrictions to UNKNOWN the distribution of funds . 
by a UNKNOWN margin , the committee UNKNOWN the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a UNKNOWN confrontation between appropriations committee chairman UNKNOWN whitten ( d. , miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the house . 
`` i have no UNKNOWN about going forward , '' said rep. UNKNOWN fazio ( d. , calif. ) , who sought later to play down the sometimes hostile tone of the long evening meeting . 
`` we are the golden state , '' mr. fazio said , `` and there is a certain amount of UNKNOWN . '' 
the $ 9.99 billion package UNKNOWN $ 999 million for small-business loans , $ 9 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 9.99 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to president bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
the funding is attached to a UNKNOWN bill to keep most of the government operating through nov. 99 . 
the measure is expected to come before the house today , and congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight edt tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires . 
given california 's size and political importance , the white house is eager to appear generous . 
but in private meetings yesterday , budget director richard darman argued that only $ 9.9 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to UNKNOWN existing resources . 
a white house budget office analysis estimates that $ 999 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet california 's needs , and the administration UNKNOWN the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the small business administration . 
`` everybody UNKNOWN that it is a national disaster and that we 've got to address it , '' said mr. darman , who came to the capitol to meet with mr. whitten and california lawmakers before the committee session . 
`` i would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat . '' 
although this white house pressure was clearly a factor among committee republicans , no single influence was greater than mr. whitten . 
a master of UNKNOWN politics , he had UNKNOWN the $ 9.99 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his UNKNOWN to keep the proposal intact and UNKNOWN any alternative . 
when mr. fazio offered the UNKNOWN $ 9.99 billion plan , mr. whitten insisted that the full 99 pages be read UNKNOWN by the panel 's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation . 
on the chairman 's motion , the california package was subsequently reduced to UNKNOWN report language , and even when this was accepted as such on a voice vote , mr. whitten UNKNOWN opposed it . 
more important than money in many cases are UNKNOWN california is seeking on current restrictions covering federal highway funds , such as a $ 999 million cap on how much any single state can receive in emergency funds in a year . 
mr. whitten 's package appears to UNKNOWN this purpose , but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended UNKNOWN on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months . 
a member in the house leadership and skilled legislator , mr. fazio nonetheless found himself UNKNOWN not only by california 's needs but by hurricane hugo amendments he accepted in a UNKNOWN effort to build support in the panel . 
the california democrat appeared UNKNOWN by provisions UNKNOWN on behalf of owners of private UNKNOWN in the virgin islands , and UNKNOWN interests sought to add another $ 999 million in federal aid to plant UNKNOWN on private land in north and south carolina . 
california 's high-priced real estate puts it in an UNKNOWN position , too . 
one provision last night would have raised the cap on disaster loans to $ 999,999 from $ 999,999 per household to accommodate san francisco losses . 
kurzweil music systems inc. said it retained kidder , peabody & co. to study financial alternatives , including the possible sale of the financially struggling company . 
kurzweil , UNKNOWN , mass. , makes digital electronic UNKNOWN instruments used by professional recording musicians . 
it recently introduced a line for the home market . 
however , raymond c. kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` the company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology . '' 
in the year 's first six months , kurzweil had a loss of $ 9.9 million on sales of $ 99.9 million . 
last month its president , john s. UNKNOWN , resigned citing `` management differences '' with mr. kurzweil . 
UNKNOWN systems inc. , UNKNOWN , ariz. , said its preliminary year-end results of operations indicate `` substantial improvement '' over the previous fiscal year . 
UNKNOWN , which makes an UNKNOWN process system that improves the yields of semiconductor manufacturers , said profit for the year ended sept. 99 rose to more than $ 999,999 from $ 999,999 last year . 
per-share earnings are estimated at more than 99 cents , up from 99 cents for fiscal 9999 . 
total revenue is expected to double to more than $ 99 million from $ 99.9 million . 
UNKNOWN , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the southwest and UNKNOWN areas , said its final UNKNOWN results are due in late november . 
the company attributed the improvement to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of UNKNOWN service co. and the UNKNOWN of a full year 's results of operations for UNKNOWN inc. , compared with seven months ' results for the prior year . 
UNKNOWN corp. , cleveland , said it will offer $ 99 million in commercial paper backed by UNKNOWN receivables . 
the program matches funds raised from the sale of the commercial paper with small to medium-sized leases . 
UNKNOWN termed the paper `` UNKNOWN financing , '' meaning that investors would be repaid from the lease receivables , rather than directly by UNKNOWN corp . 
UNKNOWN leases and sells UNKNOWN , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment . 
shevardnadze admitted that moscow violated the 9999 abm treaty . 
in a UNKNOWN address before the soviet legislature , the foreign minister conceded that the radar station in krasnoyarsk UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN missile treaty and said it would be UNKNOWN . 
shevardnadze said it took gorbachev 's government four years to determine that the station 's location in UNKNOWN violated the accord , as western UNKNOWN officials have long contended . 
he also UNKNOWN moscow 's UNKNOWN involvement in the war in UNKNOWN , saying it involved `` gross violations of ... civil UNKNOWN and ethics . '' 
secretary of state baker , in his first major UNKNOWN speech , called for a new military relationship with moscow to reduce `` first strike '' nuclear arms . 
bay area commuters battled earthquake-related transportation UNKNOWN . 
travelers crowded into UNKNOWN , sat in traffic UNKNOWN on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the san francisco bay area never materialized . 
as the death toll from last week 's temblor climbed to 99 , the condition of freeway UNKNOWN buck UNKNOWN , who spent four days UNKNOWN under rubble , improved , hospital officials said . 
rescue crews , however , gave up hope that others would be found alive under the collapsed roadway . 
the house appropriations committee approved a $ 9.99 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 9.9 billion sought by california officials . 
hungary declared itself a democracy and for the first time openly UNKNOWN the anniversary of the 9999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that was UNKNOWN by the soviet union . 
a crowd estimated at 999,999 held a UNKNOWN march through UNKNOWN as acting president UNKNOWN delivered a nationally televised address UNKNOWN communist UNKNOWN . 
about 999,999 east germans UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the communist leadership to introduce democratic UNKNOWN . 
in an east berlin UNKNOWN , meanwhile , employees at an electronics plant formed an independent trade union called reform , a worker spokesman said . 
the space shuttle atlantis landed at a desert air strip at edwards air force base , calif. , ending a UNKNOWN mission that dispatched the UNKNOWN galileo space probe . 
the five UNKNOWN returned to earth about three hours early because high UNKNOWN had been predicted at the landing site . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the base before UNKNOWN . 
explosions shook a phillips petroleum co. plastics plant near pasadena , texas , UNKNOWN debris and causing a fire visible from 99 miles away . 
more than 999 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing . 
parts of the houston ship channel were closed . 
the white house said bush is UNKNOWN with leaders of the senate intelligence committee to ease differences over guidelines for cia agents . 
the statement came after officials said bush complained at a private meeting last week that a strict interpretation of a policy requires the u.s. to notify foreign UNKNOWN of certain coup UNKNOWN . 
lebanon 's gen. aoun placed christian military forces on alert in case of renewed fighting with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN after lebanon 's two main UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rejected an UNKNOWN peace accord . 
the plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected sunday by aoun , includes political changes aimed at ending the 99-year-old civil war . 
nato defense ministers are expected to call for a reduction in nuclear forces in europe when the alliance 's nuclear planning group UNKNOWN a two-day session today in portugal . 
the ministers are to UNKNOWN nato 's UNKNOWN in western europe amid UNKNOWN changes in the soviet bloc . 
iran 's president UNKNOWN offered to help gain freedom for western UNKNOWN in lebanon , but said the assistance was contingent on u.s. aid in UNKNOWN the cases of three UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in lebanon in 9999 or the release of UNKNOWN iranian assets . 
washington rejected the bid , saying the UNKNOWN were n't linked to other issues . 
plo leader arafat asked UNKNOWN to seek UNKNOWN from the u.s. on secretary of state baker 's plan for mideast peace talks , an aide to UNKNOWN president UNKNOWN said . 
the official stressed that the plo has n't rejected the UNKNOWN formula . 
commonwealth leaders turned to issues ranging from drugs to the world economy after UNKNOWN 's president UNKNOWN called thatcher 's views on south africa `` UNKNOWN . '' 
at a meeting in malaysia , australia and canada also UNKNOWN the british prime minister for UNKNOWN the 99-nation group 's call for UNKNOWN to ease apartheid . 
UNKNOWN enhancements inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended sept. 99 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period . 
jim UNKNOWN , chief executive officer of the UNKNOWN , calif. , computer accessories supplier , said he was `` comfortable '' with analysts ' expectations that UNKNOWN would earn between six cents and eight cents a share on revenue of about $ 99 million . 
a year earlier , UNKNOWN posted profit of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 99 million . 
this time , there are 99 % more shares outstanding . 
mr. UNKNOWN attributed the decline to an industrywide softening of demand for computer UNKNOWN products . 
property capital trust said it dropped its plan to UNKNOWN because it was n't able to realize the value it had expected . 
it said it will buy back two million shares , or 99.9 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate . 
property capital , which is based in boston , had told shareholders it expected to distribute at least $ 99 a share , or $ 999 million , in a liquidation , based on an expected asset sale price of $ 999 million or more . 
the company said it did n't receive an offer it wanted to accept . 
as a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said . 
the share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. said its net income was $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 999,999 , or three cents a share , last year . 
included in the results was an adjustment to the UNKNOWN company 's tax rate that reduced net income by about 99 cents a share , or approximately $ 9 million . 
UNKNOWN said it increased its effective tax rate to 99 % from 99 % to account for potential liabilities related to an internal revenue service investigation of its tax returns for the years 9999 through 9999 . 
the newspaper and television owner said it expects the tax adjustment to reduce its net income for the full year by 99 cents , or approximately $ 9.9 million based on its 99.9 million shares outstanding . 
for the third quarter , UNKNOWN said its revenue increased 99 % , to $ 999.9 million from $ 99.9 million last year . 
for the nine months , the company had net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , up 99 % from $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share last year . 
revenue grew almost 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million last year . 
a federal judge granted a temporary stay of the california student aid commission 's emergency action to stop guaranteeing loans for national technical schools , a unit of united education & software inc . 
the california student aid commission took the action oct. 99 after a government audit cited national technical schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program and having a student UNKNOWN rate far in excess of federal standards , and it alleged other serious violations of law and regulations . 
united education & software , a los angeles education services company , called the commission 's action `` UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . '' 
the court set a hearing on the emergency action for oct. 99 . 
united education & software posted a $ 999,999 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for national technical schools students prior to the hearing . 
a decline in allied-signal inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales and only slightly higher earnings in the third quarter . 
allied-signal reported that net rose 9.9 % to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , the year earlier . 
sales slipped 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
for the nine months , the morris UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 cents a share , up 99 % from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales eased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
chairman edward l. UNKNOWN jr. said that a drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings in the automotive unit . 
he also cited unfavorable foreign-exchange rates and a lower tax rate . 
earnings for the group declined to $ 99 million from $ 99 million last year . 
earnings at allied-signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 99 million from $ 99 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and UNKNOWN power units . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , allied-signal shares closed at $ 99.999 , off 99.9 cents . 
the national highway traffic safety administration said it will start UNKNOWN UNKNOWN regulations jan. 99 for so-called UNKNOWN imports of vehicles . 
the regulations , required under legislation enacted by congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were n't built to meet u.s. government auto safety standards and were intended for use in europe or elsewhere abroad . 
u.s. officials estimated that UNKNOWN imports total about 9,999 units a year , a small part of the more than three million vehicles UNKNOWN to the u.s. each year . 
according to the UNKNOWN , the new regulations will prohibit anyone other than an importer that has registered with the u.s. government , or a person who has a contract with a registered importer , from permanently importing a vehicle that does n't meet the u.s. auto safety standards . 
the registered importer would be required to bring such vehicles into compliance with the u.s. safety standards , compared with the current situation in which anyone can bring in such vehicles and UNKNOWN them to meet the u.s. standards . 
congress UNKNOWN auto safety standards for UNKNOWN imports after u.s. auto dealers , including UNKNOWN UNKNOWN dealers , complained that they often were blamed when the second and third buyers of such vehicles found that the cars could n't meet u.s. auto safety standards . 
legent corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 9.9 million and $ 9.9 million , or between 99 cents and 99 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended sept. 99 . 
in the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro UNKNOWN earnings of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN legent said it expects to post revenue for the quarter of more than $ 99 million , compared with pro UNKNOWN revenue of $ 99.9 million in 9999 . 
for the fiscal year , the company said it anticipates reporting earnings of $ 99 million , or about $ 9.99 a share , including a charge of about $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , related to the merger that created legent out of UNKNOWN systems inc. and UNKNOWN inc. in march 9999 . 
revenue for fiscal 9999 is expected to exceed $ 999 million . 
pro UNKNOWN earnings for fiscal 9999 were $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 99.9 million . 
the company attributed much of the growth in earnings to increased demand for its systems productivity software . 
UNKNOWN corp. said it expects to report net income for its fiscal year ended sept. 99 of a record $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , for the prior year . 
the costa mesa , calif. , maker of computer tape drives also projected record revenue for the year of $ 999 million , up from $ 999.9 million for the previous year . 
UNKNOWN attributed the gains to strong demand for its products , continued growth of the UNKNOWN market and the acquisition of maynard electronics in february , which accounted for about 99 % of the company 's revenue . 
detrex corp. said a reserve it is establishing to cover expected pollution cleanup costs at an ohio plant reduced its third-quarter net income by $ 9.9 million . 
detrex , which has annual sales of about $ 999 million , declined to say if it would post a loss in the third quarter . 
the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN company earned $ 999,999 in the quarter last year . 
detrex is setting aside $ 9.9 million for the cleanup , but said the reserve reduced its quarterly income by only $ 9.9 million because of tax considerations . 
in addition , the manufacturer said it signed a consent UNKNOWN with ohio to build a $ 9.9 million UNKNOWN facility at the UNKNOWN chemical manufacturing plant by aug. 9 , 9999 . 
detrex said it is one of at least 99 companies notified by the environmental protection agency that they may be potentially responsible for cleaning up the fields UNKNOWN UNKNOWN near detrex 's UNKNOWN plant at a total cost the UNKNOWN estimates at $ 99 million -- a figure detrex said the companies dispute . 
first executive corp. said about 99 % of the rights to purchase its depositary shares and warrants have been exercised . 
of the 99.9 million rights units issued , just under 99 million were exercised before the oct. 99 expiration of the offering , the insurance holding company said . 
remaining units will be sold to the underwriters , drexel burnham lambert inc. and kidder , peabody & co. , which will also purchase an UNKNOWN of 9.9 million additional units . 
first executive said the offering will raise about $ 999 million -- minus underwriting fees and other expenses -- that the company plans to use to write new life insurance and UNKNOWN business . 
in addition , analysts have viewed the rights offering as a takeover defense that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the number of shares outstanding . 
each of the units consists of two warrants , each of which could be used to purchase a UNKNOWN of common stock , and one depositary preference share . 
depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a UNKNOWN basis . 
currently , the company has about 99.9 million common shares outstanding . 
in over-the-counter trading monday , the stock closed at $ 99.999 , off 99.9 cents . 
united air 's parent UNKNOWN any prospects for an immediate revival of the labor-management buy-out , saying ual should remain independent for now . 
also , ual chairman stephen wolf pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
the two developments leave the airline with several problems , including an unsettled labor situation . 
stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
the dow jones industrials sank 99.99 points , to 9999.99 . 
the dollar also declined . 
the turmoil in junk bonds may last for years , investors and traders say . 
even drexel is pulling back . 
santa fe pacific plans to sell 99 % of its large real estate unit to a california pension fund for $ 999 million and spin the rest off to shareholders . 
the proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 9 billion . 
time warner reported a $ 999 million loss for the third quarter , reflecting the cost of the recent merger and a method of accounting for the deal . 
thrifts continued to shed assets in august , mainly to comply with UNKNOWN capital rules under the s&l bailout law . 
also , withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 9.9 billion in the month . 
exxon 's profit fell 9 % in the third quarter , hurt by sagging results at two of its three main businesses . 
phillips and arco posted declines . 
ashland had a loss . 
UNKNOWN hess and occidental petroleum had gains . 
ogilvy 's chairman , kenneth roman , is leaving to take a top post at american express . 
his resignation follows a hostile takeover of the ad agency in may by wpp of britain . 
the justice department took steps that could restrict the use by prosecutors of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants . 
shearson was sued by money manager george UNKNOWN , who claimed one of his funds was UNKNOWN out of $ 99 million during stock-index futures trading just after the 9999 crash . 
drexel 's efforts to settle its legal troubles are being resisted by at least 99 states . 
some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
prime computer plans to UNKNOWN 99 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out . 
the action UNKNOWN concern about UNKNOWN in high-tech industries . 
paribas plans a bid for another big french financial and industrial firm , navigation mixte , a sign europe 's takeover UNKNOWN has n't UNKNOWN . 
qintex australia unveiled plans to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
union carbide 's earnings plunged 99 % in the third quarter , reflecting weakness in the company 's core chemicals and plastics businesses . 
japan 's daiwa securities named UNKNOWN dozen president . 
the rapid advance of the 99-year-old executive surprised many at the company . 
markets -- 
stocks : volume 999,999,999 shares . 
dow jones industrials 9999.99 , off 99.99 ; transportation 9999.99 , up 9.99 ; utilities 999.99 , off 9.99 . 
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 9999.99 , up 
commodities : dow jones futures index 999.99 , off 9.99 ; spot index 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
dollar : 999.99 yen , off 9.99 ; 9.9999 marks , off 9.9999 . 
the justice department has revised certain internal guidelines and UNKNOWN others in a move that could restrict the use of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants . 
the most significant changes in department policy are new requirements that federal prosecutors avoid UNKNOWN `` the normal business functions '' of companies charged under the racketeering law , a senior department official said . 
another important UNKNOWN of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , david runkel , said . 
the department distributed the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to u.s. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of UNKNOWN prosecutorial guidelines , mr. runkel said . 
the changes apply to prosecutions brought under the UNKNOWN influenced and UNKNOWN organizations law . 
under that law , defendants who allegedly UNKNOWN a pattern of crimes by means of a `` criminal enterprise '' may be charged with racketeering and forced to UNKNOWN the proceeds of the enterprise . 
the rico law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers . 
they argue that the rights of rico defendants and third parties not named in rico UNKNOWN have been unfairly damaged . 
the department 's most significant UNKNOWN of existing rico policy is a UNKNOWN to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged UNKNOWN , mr. runkel said . 
`` that means that if the UNKNOWN deals with one part of the business , you do n't attempt to seize the whole business ; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime , '' he explained . 
in general , the UNKNOWN of the department 's UNKNOWN is to encourage prosecutors to limit pretrial asset UNKNOWN if there are less UNKNOWN means of protecting assets the government may subsequently be able to seize after a conviction , mr. runkel said . 
it was the kind of UNKNOWN rarely seen within the congress , let alone within the same party . 
sen. alan cranston UNKNOWN over to the house side of capitol hill a few days ago and UNKNOWN his testimony to fellow democrat rep. henry gonzalez . 
it was offered as an UNKNOWN of cooperation to mr. gonzalez , who is investigating the $ 9.9 billion failure of lincoln savings & loan association . 
but instead of thanks , sen. cranston was treated with cool UNKNOWN . 
`` every witness receives a formal subpoena , '' rep. gonzalez told him . 
UNKNOWN have house hearings caused so much UNKNOWN in the senate , where california sen. cranston and four other senators were already UNKNOWN in the glare of unfavorable publicity over the alleged UNKNOWN of lincoln by their friend and political UNKNOWN , charles keating jr. , principal UNKNOWN of lincoln 's parent company , american continental corp. of phoenix , ariz . 
at the first day of the house banking committee 's hearings last week , william seidman , chairman of the resolution trust corp. , the federal agency created to sell sick thrifts , said the agency is investigating whether lincoln made illegal political contributions . 
mr. keating arranged nearly $ 9 million in donations to sen. cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
future witnesses include a former federal s&l regulator who has accused the five senators of attempting to `` UNKNOWN '' the regulatory process by UNKNOWN on behalf of mr. keating . 
unlike many lawmakers , chairman gonzalez says he considers UNKNOWN with regulators to be improper . 
`` when you reach a point where a UNKNOWN body is trying to shape administrative decisions , then that 's a UNKNOWN in my book , '' the texas UNKNOWN says . 
and he has attached himself to the lincoln story UNKNOWN . 
`` unless the questions are UNKNOWN , i will keep on going . '' 
lawmakers often are reluctant to UNKNOWN colleagues , even those of opposing political parties . 
in the recent housing and urban development department scandal , for example , rep. thomas UNKNOWN , the california democrat who led the hearings , UNKNOWN through embarrassing UNKNOWN about hud grants secured by sen. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a new york republican . 
but chairman gonzalez is a genuine UNKNOWN . 
he comes from the same political line as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN texas UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN the banking committee until 9999 . 
mr. gonzalez is also a UNKNOWN for ethical standards who refuses to accept UNKNOWN and who believes in conducting official business in the open . 
early in his political career , as a city UNKNOWN in san antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN affair publicly as a `` UNKNOWN meeting . '' 
the immediate target of rep. gonzalez 's inquiry is UNKNOWN wall , chairman of the office of thrift supervision . 
as the principal regulator of the thrift industry , mr. wall delayed UNKNOWN lincoln s&l for more than two years after his staff told him that the california thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly . 
rep. gonzalez seems UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN out at mr. wall when hearings resume thursday with testimony by two federal regulators from san francisco , william black and mike UNKNOWN . 
mr. wall relieved them of responsibility for UNKNOWN lincoln in 9999 . 
mr. gonzalez expressed concern over a report that the two had been UNKNOWN to washington by mr. wall last week to discuss their testimony in advance . 
`` i think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by god i 'm not going to UNKNOWN it , '' he says . 
mr. wall , however , is a UNKNOWN `` child of the senate '' and former staff director of its banking committee . 
an inquiry into his handling of lincoln s&l inevitably will drag in sen. cranston and the four others , UNKNOWN dennis UNKNOWN ( d. , ariz. ) , john UNKNOWN ( r. , ariz. ) , john glenn ( d. , ohio ) and donald UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) . 
they all attended a meeting in april 9999 UNKNOWN why a federal audit of lincoln s&l had UNKNOWN on for two years . 
`` i 'm certain that in the course of the hearings the names { of the senators } will be brought out , '' mr. gonzalez says . 
this is raising UNKNOWN . 
`` when i first got a UNKNOWN at the witness list , i could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says michael UNKNOWN , director of congress watch , a consumer group . 
`` there are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . '' 
and a democratic aide to a banking committee member remarks , `` i too am UNKNOWN by it , because gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
all the senators say they merely were trying to ensure fairness for a UNKNOWN . 
mr. keating lives in phoenix , and the california thrift 's parent is an UNKNOWN corporation with holdings in michigan . 
chairman gonzalez UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for sen. UNKNOWN , his counterpart as chairman of the senate banking committee . 
`` he 's UNKNOWN , he 's good and i know he 's an honest man , '' the UNKNOWN says . 
but at the same time , mr. gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over mr. wall during house-senate negotiations over s&l bailout legislation during the summer . 
the senate negotiators included UNKNOWN cranston and UNKNOWN and mr. wall 's principal sponsor , republican sen. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of utah . 
they were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve mr. wall 's job and to avoid a UNKNOWN hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about lincoln s&l . 
most UNKNOWN , the senate traded away the bush administration 's controversial plan to finance the bailout , which was partly UNKNOWN later . 
at the time , mr. gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some UNKNOWN out of the way if there could be some understanding on UNKNOWN 's insistence on wall . '' 
now mr. gonzalez is holding the equivalent of UNKNOWN hearings anyway , under the UNKNOWN of the lincoln investigation . 
`` in a way , that 's what this is , '' mr. gonzalez concedes . 
even some house banking committee members could suffer from the fallout . 
mr. keating raised $ 99,999 for rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's 9999 UNKNOWN campaign while the georgia democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit UNKNOWN . 
he recently voted `` present '' when the committee authorized a subpoena to UNKNOWN mr. keating to testify , then changed his vote to yes . 
but the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 9.9 billion fraud suit against mr. keating and others . 
rep. jim UNKNOWN ( r. , iowa ) says the lincoln s&l affair is `` the biggest bank UNKNOWN in history , '' and adds : `` the great question that remains to be resolved is whether we have a congressional UNKNOWN in the making . '' 
a witness set to testify on thursday was quoted in a news report over the weekend as saying lincoln `` UNKNOWN '' campaign contributions illegally . 
but the witness , william UNKNOWN , california 's chief state thrift regulator , denies saying that . 
`` i do n't know whether it was done properly or not , because i 'm not a lawyer , '' he said in a telephone interview yesterday . 
but he said he is prepared to testify that executives of lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls UNKNOWN them to make specific contributions . 
the committee also has UNKNOWN mr. wall 's predecessor , UNKNOWN gray . 
he has UNKNOWN the five senators ' UNKNOWN as `` UNKNOWN to an attempt to UNKNOWN the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 9999 meeting . 
so the senators must UNKNOWN themselves . 
sen. cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to UNKNOWN earthquake damage in san francisco , UNKNOWN to an aide : `` well , back to UNKNOWN . 
when anne volokh and her family UNKNOWN to the u.s. 99 years ago , they started life in los angeles with only $ 999 . 
they 'd actually left the soviet union with $ 999 , but during a stop in italy ms. volokh dropped $ 99 on a black UNKNOWN suit . 
not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the american way . 
three months after she arrived in UNKNOWN she spent $ 999 she did n't have for a hat . 
( `` a UNKNOWN , '' she UNKNOWN , `` though it was n't the time for that 99 years ago . 
but i loved UNKNOWN . '' ) 
since then she has become wealthy . 
her husband and older son -- a computer UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the wall street journal in 9999 , when he was 99 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 99 million . 
most recently , she has become the publisher of movieline , a four-year-old los angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 999,999 copies . 
distributed by the UNKNOWN corp. 's eastern news , the UNKNOWN publication UNKNOWN UNKNOWN fair 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and premiere 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , with a special emphasis on UNKNOWN as fashion UNKNOWN . 
it 's being sold through UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and some video stores . 
though ms. volokh is a small woman , she has an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and dramatic UNKNOWN that seem perfectly UNKNOWN to capitalism as it is UNKNOWN in hollywood . 
certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in UNKNOWN , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 9 9 / UNKNOWN apartment in what she calls `` UNKNOWN internal UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN of escape . 
now , for example , she owns 99 hats . 
however , she UNKNOWN the lean years and recalls with UNKNOWN wearing her first major american purchase -- that UNKNOWN 99 years later and having a los angeles UNKNOWN owner ask her if it was a UNKNOWN . 
with obvious satisfaction , she says she told him : `` no UNKNOWN , i just give it a UNKNOWN look . '' 
she keeps track of the rest of her hats by UNKNOWN polaroid UNKNOWN to the outside of each UNKNOWN . 
are the hats merely part of her new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , along with the many UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cigarettes she UNKNOWN , the parties she throws for 999 people , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN she offers guests at her weekend place in santa barbara ? 
`` no , UNKNOWN , '' she said recently in her UNKNOWN , slightly affected english , during a trip east to promote movieline 's national expansion . 
`` you have to be born with it . 
i used to wear hats in UNKNOWN , but i had to make them and my UNKNOWN . 
on the hat side i was n't getting what i wanted . '' 
now 99 years old , ms. volokh has UNKNOWN ideas about what she wants . 
at movieline , she wants `` specific UNKNOWN , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and UNKNOWN . '' 
in restaurants ( in this case , the russian UNKNOWN , a new york restaurant operated by and for soviet UNKNOWN ) , she did n't want the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN music UNKNOWN through the room . 
`` you people here think this is russian music , '' she said with UNKNOWN , and called over to the UNKNOWN : `` could you turn it off ? '' 
that done , ms. volokh spoke with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about the many UNKNOWN she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
`` parties are rather a state of mind , '' she said , UNKNOWN only to taste and pass judgment on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( `` a little well done , but very good '' ) . 
`` if you are born to give parties , you give parties . 
even in UNKNOWN we managed to give parties . 
in los angeles , in our lean years , we gave parties . '' 
as publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as UNKNOWN for fashion and other UNKNOWN , ms. volokh sees her UNKNOWN as an important part of business . 
she has thrown UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN of people , but prefers more intimate UNKNOWN . 
`` at american UNKNOWN parties everyone 's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next . 
i like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . '' 
she serves high russian tea , at 9 p.m . 
`` it 's supposed to be later but i just moved it . 
in los angeles , it 's important to catch people just after work . '' 
she also frequently UNKNOWN directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite UNKNOWN minute segments on the screen that UNKNOWN from the ceiling of the UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN library ( `` the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' ) . 
they eat `` UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN things '' -- and explain their UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's very UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' said ms. volokh . 
the idea for movieline actually was UNKNOWN up by an old friend of the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( who has the title of UNKNOWN ) , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN smith , now the magazine 's UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN approached ms. volokh five years ago about backing the publication , which started out as a listing guide . 
she was interested only if she could guide it UNKNOWN as well . 
`` anne does n't believe in UNKNOWN , '' said ms. smith . 
`` she wants things to be exciting . 
and she has this UNKNOWN energy . 
she 'll think of an idea the editorial people think is impossible , then she 'll have us make it work . '' 
in fact , ms. volokh was n't just a rich lady who needed a UNKNOWN . 
back in the soviet union she was a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , writing a weekly column about the national UNKNOWN for sunday UNKNOWN . 
those columns -- UNKNOWN discussions of the cultural and literary UNKNOWN of food as well as practical advice on how to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- became the basis for her UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , `` the art of russian UNKNOWN , '' brought out in 9999 by macmillan publishing co . 
`` i do n't trust people who do n't eat , '' said ms. volokh , though she herself stopped eating lunch a few years ago to drop 99 pounds . 
`` look at UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
no one ever UNKNOWN in their books and look at them ... . 
UNKNOWN 's characters eat , UNKNOWN 's , UNKNOWN 's . '' 
in her UNKNOWN , which macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month ( with the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN revised so it works ) , she UNKNOWN each chapter with appropriate quotations from russian literature : UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN . 
in life , she offers practical UNKNOWN advice : `` UNKNOWN your UNKNOWN into important and UNKNOWN . 
in a great restaurant , do n't UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the other UNKNOWN do n't matter . '' 
amusing as she is , and UNKNOWN as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . 
she was the child of relative privilege . 
her mother was a UNKNOWN ; her father was `` the UNKNOWN vice director . '' 
`` i UNKNOWN to wear better hats , do better parties , '' she said with a UNKNOWN . 
`` but we should n't leave out political reasons , number one . 
you try to maintain your UNKNOWN under difficult circumstances . 
one can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' 
by 9999 , after their second child was born , it had become clear to ms. volokh and her husband UNKNOWN , a computer scientist , that they wanted to leave the UNKNOWN . 
ms. volokh quit her job , to remove herself from the public eye . 
the wait was UNKNOWN . 
before UNKNOWN ms. volokh 's parents a UNKNOWN , the government required her mother to obtain permission from her first husband , whom she had UNKNOWN 99 years earlier . 
mr. volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized UNKNOWN abuse from his UNKNOWN , accusations of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN activities . 
the UNKNOWN were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a UNKNOWN and waited for 99 years , having been UNKNOWN from his profession of theoretical UNKNOWN to shipping clerk . 
they did n't . 
their UNKNOWN came in relatively short order , and they moved to los angeles . 
mr. volokh soon found work in his field , but ms. volokh refused the obvious and available UNKNOWN - as UNKNOWN for a russian who spoke UNKNOWN english . 
`` that 's always looking back , '' she said . 
`` i wanted to be in business . '' 
on the way to that goal , she received her first u.s. UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN a book of polish UNKNOWN , attended UNKNOWN school , then went to work for a fund-raising organization . 
soon she was running the office . 
when her husband and son founded their computer company , UNKNOWN , she worked as business manager , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
now movieline is located in the same building as UNKNOWN . 
`` things work out unexpectedly in life , '' said ms. volokh . 
`` you never know if you 'll be chosen to be the UNKNOWN or the lucky one . 
we were lucky . 
william d. UNKNOWN , president of the UNKNOWN trade and economic council , has a warning for u.s. companies trying to do business in the soviet union . 
`` it 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` we are not trying to encourage everyone . '' 
UNKNOWN by such words of caution , corporate america is UNKNOWN to moscow , UNKNOWN by a huge UNKNOWN market and mikhail gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the soviet economy . 
doing business with the UNKNOWN , once the pursuit of a handful of UNKNOWN veterans , has become the goal of such major companies as general motors corp. , federal express corp. and procter & gamble co. , as well as a UNKNOWN of smaller firms . 
reflecting the UNKNOWN interest , more than 999 u.s. companies are taking part in a moscow exhibition organized by mr. UNKNOWN 's trade group . 
but while u.s. interest may be big and growing , the difficulties that have UNKNOWN deals in the past show no sign of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN the old problems of a UNKNOWN currency and an UNKNOWN bureaucracy , western business executives must now UNKNOWN with new UNKNOWN linked to UNKNOWN , the restructuring of the soviet economy . 
executives say mr. gorbachev 's moves to break up the government 's foreign trade UNKNOWN have created UNKNOWN as well as opportunities . 
changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of UNKNOWN soviet players , many who promise more than they can deliver . 
and some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable UNKNOWN as the soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's UNKNOWN . 
`` you have to go out to all your constituents , '' says james h. UNKNOWN , who is UNKNOWN the most ambitious attempt by u.s. firms to break into the soviet market , involving investment of more than $ 9 billion in some two dozen joint ventures . 
as part of that attempt , by the american trade consortium , mr. UNKNOWN says he spends a lot of time lobbying . 
growing public fears about the soviet environment is one new factor affecting some joint-venture plans . 
over the past two years , soviet UNKNOWN have been talking to international firms , including occidental petroleum co. and combustion engineering inc. of the u.s. , montedison UNKNOWN of italy and several japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants . 
the plans have come under fire from soviet environmentalists , and officials say many are likely to be UNKNOWN back or dropped . 
whatever the difficulties , mr. gorbachev remains committed to increasing foreign trade . 
for political as well as economic reasons , u.s. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the u.s. trade show last week . 
talking to a small group of u.s. executives afterwards , mr. gorbachev appeared UNKNOWN for a big expansion in u.s.-soviet trade , which now amounts to a UNKNOWN $ 9 billion annually . 
the u.s. ranks fourth of countries that have concluded joint ventures , behind west germany , finland and italy . 
according to several people present at the meeting , mr. gorbachev also supported the idea of UNKNOWN several commercial UNKNOWN with the u.s. , possibly at his next summit meeting with president bush . 
judging by the crush at the exhibition , UNKNOWN soviet consumers are more than ready for u.s. products . 
hundreds of people lined up every day at the colgate-palmolive co. stand to receive a free tube of toothpaste , a commodity in UNKNOWN short supply here . 
and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at rjr nabisco inc. 's UNKNOWN almost knocked over a glass UNKNOWN in the rush to get a free UNKNOWN cigarette UNKNOWN . 
some u.s. products are UNKNOWN into the soviet market under an emergency import program . 
both colgate and procter & gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and UNKNOWN . 
the american trade consortium says it is planning to ship some $ 999 million of consumer goods , financed by bank credits , in the first few months of next year . 
but the current soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair . 
the goal of most u.s. firms -- joint ventures -- remains UNKNOWN . 
because the soviet UNKNOWN is n't convertible into dollars , marks and other western currencies , companies that hope to set up production facilities here must either export some of the goods to earn hard currency or find soviet goods they can take in a UNKNOWN transaction . 
international competition for the few soviet goods that can be sold on world markets is heating up , however . 
UNKNOWN m. UNKNOWN , an entrepreneur from new jersey who buys soviet UNKNOWN and `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for export to the u.s. , says west german companies already have snapped up much of the production of these items . 
seeking to overcome the currency problems , mr. UNKNOWN 's american trade consortium , which UNKNOWN chevron corp. , rjr , johnson & johnson , eastman kodak co. , and UNKNOWN co. , has UNKNOWN an elaborate scheme to share out dollar earnings , largely from the revenues of a planned chevron oil project . 
several medical concerns , including pfizer inc. , hewlett-packard co. , colgate and UNKNOWN laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach . 
`` it 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says dennis a. UNKNOWN , president of medical service partners inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together . 
some u.s. entrepreneurs operate on a smaller scale . 
one group seeks to publish a u.s.-soviet medical journal in UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN ministry of health . 
according to richard p. mills , a UNKNOWN official of the u.s. partner , 99,999 copies of the quarterly will be printed in russian from next year . 
it will be financed by UNKNOWN from u.s. companies and by UNKNOWN publication of an UNKNOWN journal containing details of soviet medical UNKNOWN . 
`` we found a market UNKNOWN , '' mr. mills boasts . 
`` it 's truly UNKNOWN . 
general electric co. was given an $ 99.9 million navy contract for nuclear UNKNOWN parts . 
westinghouse electric corp. also won a $ 99.9 million navy contract for nuclear UNKNOWN parts . 
federal data corp. was issued a $ 99.9 million navy contract for computer systems . 
american telephone & telegraph co. was awarded an $ 99.9 million navy contract for UNKNOWN services . 
cray research inc. said it sold one of its UNKNOWN and largest computer systems , the cray UNKNOWN / 999 , to the united kingdom UNKNOWN office . 
the system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between cray and control data corp . 
the supercomputer , which lists for $ 99.9 million , will be installed in the first quarter of 9999 in the UNKNOWN office 's headquarters in UNKNOWN , england . 
shareholders of nuovo banco ambrosiano UNKNOWN voted to accept a bid of 9,999 lire ( $ 9.99 ) a share by france 's credit agricole for 99.99 % of the bank , UNKNOWN an earlier , equal offer by italy 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the move will give nuovo banco a badly needed foreign presence , and make credit agricole the bank 's largest shareholder . 
it also opens a UNKNOWN in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
nuovo banco will become italy 's biggest private-sector bank when it UNKNOWN its scheduled merger with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN del UNKNOWN by year end . 
credit agricole asked a milan court to sequester the nuovo banco shares , the italian news agency UNKNOWN reported . 
the UNKNOWN is scheduled to rule on the request friday . 
no reason for the request was given . 
credit agricole officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . 
the decision to accept credit agricole 's bid , valued at 999.9 billion lire ( $ 999.9 million ) , came after a UNKNOWN weekend meeting . 
nuovo banco 's second largest shareholder , the fiat UNKNOWN investment concern , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , fought to have UNKNOWN 's offer approved . 
UNKNOWN , which owns 99.99 % of nuovo banco , UNKNOWN in the final vote on credit agricole , which was nonetheless approved by a majority of shareholders . 
the UNKNOWN with credit agricole will give nuovo banco its first foreign presence since it was formed from the UNKNOWN of the old banco ambrosiano , which collapsed amid scandal after the death of chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
since then , the bank has strengthened its italian network , and has posted strong results . 
`` the shareholders felt we needed a foreign presence more than we needed links with an insurance company , '' an ambrosiano spokeswoman said . 
UNKNOWN said in a statement that `` it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate . '' 
a company spokeswoman said the company had n't decided what measures to take , but did n't rule out legal action . 
UNKNOWN , italy 's biggest insurer , last month offered 9,999 lire a share for the nuovo banco stake held by banco UNKNOWN di UNKNOWN , the bank 's largest shareholder , which announced plans to sell the holdings earlier this year . 
a UNKNOWN spokesman declined to comment on nuovo banco 's rejection of the insurer 's offer . 
on the milan stock exchange , nuovo banco 's shares jumped to 9,999 lire each from 9,999 lire friday . 
qintex australia ltd. , a media and resorts concern controlled by australian entrepreneur christopher skase , announced a plan to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
mr. skase , a 99-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that qintex will sell its 99 % stake in its upscale UNKNOWN resorts in australia and hawaii as well as three australian television stations . 
the sales are expected to raise more than 999 million australian dollars ( us$ 999.9 million ) , mr. skase said . 
qintex australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at a$ 9.9 billion . 
mr. skase also said the restructuring plan calls for the merger of qintex australia with qintex ltd. , which owns 99 % of qintex australia . 
he said the move will `` significantly reduce administrative and operating costs , '' but he did n't provide details of the merger . 
company officials said over the weekend that qintex australia 's bank creditors have become concerned about a UNKNOWN of bad news at the company , including a failed us$ 9.9 billion plan to buy mgm / ua communications co. , a beverly hills , calif. , movie and television production concern . 
friday , qintex entertainment inc. , a 99%-owned u.s. affiliate , filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under chapter 99 of the u.s. bankruptcy code . 
analysts predicted that the move would further shake creditor confidence in qintex australia and force it to sell assets . 
the company 's latest moves were disclosed after the australian stock exchange suspended trading in shares of qintex australia and qintex ltd. because the companies had n't UNKNOWN an exchange inquiry about the extent of their loans , investments and deposits at qintex entertainment . 
mr. skase 's statement was addressed to the stock exchange and appeared to be a response to the inquiry . 
it said qintex entertainment owes qintex australia us$ 99.9 million in loans not secured by specific assets . 
qintex australia also said it has an investment of a$ 99.9 million in qintex entertainment shares . 
in the statement , mr. skase said that on the basis of current interest rates in australia , the company 's asset sales would reduce interest expense by about a$ 999 million a year in addition to eliminating certain liabilities . 
in march , qintex sold 99 % of the three UNKNOWN resorts to japan 's nippon UNKNOWN co. and mitsui & co. for a$ 999 million . 
yesterday 's statement did n't say whether the japanese companies will acquire qintex 's remaining stake in the resorts . 
before its shares were suspended from trading , qintex australia plunged to 99 australian cents ( 99 u.s. cents ) a share yesterday from 99 australian cents friday . 
the shares traded at about a$ 9.99 in march , when the plan to acquire mgm / ua was announced . 
qintex ltd. shares sank to a$ 9.99 yesterday from a$ 9.99 friday . 
mr. skase 's statement cited four recent problems that he said had cut group cash flow by more than a$ 999 million . 
they were what he called an `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' by mgm / ua of the acquisition agreement with qintex , high australian interest rates , a pilots ' strike at australian domestic airlines that cut revenue at the company 's australian resorts and delays in completing a sale of two regional tv stations in UNKNOWN state . 
mgm / ua has sued qintex australia for breach of contract and fraud over the collapsed acquisition agreement , and qintex australia has threatened a UNKNOWN . 
qintex australia has n't yet reported results for the fiscal year ended july 99 . 
in his statement , mr. skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest , tax and depreciation `` will exceed a$ 999 million . '' 
he gave no further details . 
shareholders ' funds as of july 99 were estimated at more than a$ 9 billion , mr. skase said , compared with a$ 999 million a year earlier . 
the company will make `` adequate provisions '' to cover costs of the dispute with mgm / ua and any loss from the investment in qintex entertainment , he said . 
mr. skase also disclosed a UNKNOWN among directors of qintex australia over certain fees claimed by qintex group management services UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN concern in which qintex australia executives have an interest . 
qintex australia paid the management company a$ 99.9 million in the latest fiscal year . 
mr. skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent and travel , but a smaller portion is owed to senior executives and others for management services . 
UNKNOWN directors of qintex australia , who must approve payments to the senior executives , balked at the amount . 
two of the directors resigned , mr. skase said , so the payments have n't yet been approved . 
chip 's memory is here today , here tomorrow 
two companies plan to market a new chip with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that store data even when the power is off . 
today 's most widely used UNKNOWN chips have `` volatile '' memories -- their data UNKNOWN if they are n't fed a steady diet of electricity , so they need external power supplies . 
national semiconductor corp. and a start-up named UNKNOWN corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 99 years without any current flowing to them . 
the chips use materials , such as lead UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , to form UNKNOWN switches that retain their data without electricity . 
developers caution that broad applications are several years away because the technology is n't fully refined . 
but UNKNOWN of colorado springs , colo. , plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in december . 
the company expects the chips eventually to be used in devices that UNKNOWN a whole range of computer memory equipment , including UNKNOWN and hard-disk drives . 
national semiconductor is getting ferroelectric technology from UNKNOWN corp. in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
national says it agreed to acquire UNKNOWN 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a UNKNOWN memory , next year . 
once production hurdles are overcome , the chips could take over a significant part of the market . 
in addition to not UNKNOWN an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips . 
military buyers have shown interest , national says , because ferroelectric chips resist UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
and while today 's UNKNOWN chips -- such as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory because they `` learn '' data slowly , ferroelectric chips accept data at very high UNKNOWN . 
showing up in court without being there 
an austin , texas , company plans to make it easy for you show up in court a thousand miles away without leaving town . 
witnesses often must travel long UNKNOWN to give UNKNOWN UNKNOWN before lawyers and court reporters . 
that means huge travel bills . 
and telephone or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN just do n't match physical UNKNOWN . 
that could change , thanks to lower long-distance rates and cheaper electronics . 
video UNKNOWN corp. , which markets UNKNOWN systems , is working with court reporters to UNKNOWN a nationwide network to allow UNKNOWN by live television . 
the company installed a UNKNOWN system that UNKNOWN dallas with miami over digital phone lines . 
and it is preparing to set up shop in chicago , new york and 99 other cities where UNKNOWN agencies can tie conference rooms into the network . 
while lawyers arranged individual UNKNOWN before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper . 
an attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 999 and $ 999 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take UNKNOWN from witnesses in any of the connected cities . 
japanese reverse UNKNOWN on patent protection 
japan 's UNKNOWN of u.s. patents has been a UNKNOWN point for american chip makers . 
now at least one japanese company is turning the UNKNOWN tables . 
until now , most japanese charges have been responses to suits against them . 
but last year hitachi ltd. surprised japan 's electronics industry when it accused korea 's UNKNOWN electronics co. of using hitachi technology to make dynamic UNKNOWN memory chips . 
( a settlement was reached but was n't made public . ) 
and hitachi went on the offensive against the u.s. 's motorola inc. earlier this month with a suit charging that motorola 's new UNKNOWN chip UNKNOWN on a hitachi patent . 
another recent hitachi suit UNKNOWN motorola of reverse engineering a hitachi technology -- a UNKNOWN from a nation of champion reverse engineers . 
the moves UNKNOWN the more aggressive attitude toward patent protection that patent experts say japan is starting to take . 
hitachi made the UNKNOWN charges in an amendment to a UNKNOWN filed in a federal district court in texas after motorola sued hitachi for patent violation . 
hitachi charges motorola `` has engaged in fraudulent and UNKNOWN conduct in the procurement of certain motorola patents '' used in motorola 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN chip . 
UNKNOWN : motorola appears to have taken a hitachi technology that is UNKNOWN in the u.s. , hitachi says , and `` tried to make it look like a new technology . '' 
motorola either denied or would n't comment on the various charges . 
odds and ends 
computer chips that UNKNOWN human vision have been developed by japan 's sharp corp . 
they UNKNOWN the brain by `` looking '' at an image , UNKNOWN the fundamentals -- UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and lines -- and UNKNOWN them into computer data . 
sharp says the set of chips could improve fax machines , graphics computers or UNKNOWN systems that recognize UNKNOWN features ... . 
an UNKNOWN . UNKNOWN unit has created a computer system that UNKNOWN video images 9,999 times faster than conventional systems . 
using reduced UNKNOWN computing , or UNKNOWN , chips made by UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , the system UNKNOWN the image it `` sees '' into 99 digital UNKNOWN , each processed by one chip . 
tandy corp. , citing sluggish sales of UNKNOWN goods , said net income dropped 9.9 % for the first quarter ended sept. 99 . 
the results , which represented the fifth consecutive quarter of UNKNOWN earnings for the big electronics retailer , disappointed analysts and traders . 
tandy 's stock fell $ 9.999 a share to close at $ 99 in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
net for the quarter was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , down from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the company said earnings would have increased if it had n't been actively UNKNOWN its shares , thus increasing its interest expense and reducing its interest income . 
tandy had 99.9 million shares outstanding at sept. 99 , down from 99 million a year earlier . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999 million . 
tandy said consumer electronics sales at its radio shack stores have been slow , partly because of a lack of hot , new products . 
`` radio shack continues to be lackluster , '' said dennis UNKNOWN , analyst with UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & turner in dallas . 
he said tandy `` has done a decent job '' increasing sales by manufacturing computers for others and expanding sales of its UNKNOWN systems corp. subsidiary , which sells computers to bigger businesses , but `` it 's not enough to offset the problems at radio shack . '' 
sales at radio shack stores open more than a year grew only 9 % in the quarter from a year earlier , he said . 
as a result , mr. UNKNOWN said he cut his fiscal 9999 per-share earnings estimate for tandy to $ 9.99 from $ 9.99 . 
tandy earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year ended june 99 . 
barry bryant , an analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc. , said tandy also has suffered from UNKNOWN sales of its computers aimed at the home and UNKNOWN market , which are UNKNOWN and cheaper than computers aimed at the corporate market . 
tandy has added several new products to that line , including a laptop computer priced around $ 9,999 , and is focusing its advertising on the UNKNOWN software that is UNKNOWN with its machines . 
mr. bryant and other analysts hope all those moves will combine to help tandy 's results improve in the important christmas quarter . 
`` they 've been promising 99 % to 99 % growth based on the strategic moves they 've made , '' he said . 
`` if the earnings acceleration is to take place , that should be the quarter . 
at a private dinner thursday , drexel burnham lambert inc. chief executive frederick joseph delivered a UNKNOWN message about the junk bond market to officials of prudential insurance co. of america . 
mr. joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion . 
he said drexel -- the leading underwriter of high-risk junk bonds -- could no longer afford to sell any junk offerings if they might later become troubled because drexel UNKNOWN losing its highly lucrative junk franchise . 
the dinner was a UNKNOWN confirmation that 9999 is the worst year ever for the $ 999 billion junk market . 
and investors and traders UNKNOWN say the current turmoil could take years to resolve . 
amid the market UNKNOWN , even drexel , which has the UNKNOWN and most loyal following of junk bond investors , is pulling in its UNKNOWN . 
although the big investment bank still UNKNOWN the junk market , drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from growing junk bond defaults , withdrawn new offerings , UNKNOWN by shareholders in junk bond mutual funds and an exodus of UNKNOWN investors . 
for many money managers , the past four months have been UNKNOWN . 
`` this is the worst UNKNOWN ever in the junk market , and it could take years before it 's over , '' says mark UNKNOWN , a senior vice president at standard & poor 's corp. , a credit rating company . 
in the third quarter , for example , junk bonds -- those with less than an investment-grade rating -- showed negative returns , the only major sector of the bond market to do so . 
since the end of last year , junk bonds have been UNKNOWN by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including UNKNOWN treasury securities . 
the junk market , which UNKNOWN to $ 999 billion from less than $ 9 billion at the start of the decade , has been declining for months as issuers have UNKNOWN under the weight of hefty interest payments . 
the fragile market received its biggest UNKNOWN last month from campeau corp. , which created its u.s. retailing empire with more than $ 9 billion in junk financing . 
campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be UNKNOWN on some interest payments and to put its prestigious bloomingdale 's department store chain up for sale . 
at that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers UNKNOWN and investors tried to sell . 
in an interview , mr. joseph says his dinner discussion with the prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk . 
`` what i thought i was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , UNKNOWN enough , quite UNKNOWN , which is not at all bad , '' he says . 
`` nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years , and we 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable UNKNOWN of the market . '' 
what has UNKNOWN many junk buyers is the sudden UNKNOWN that junk bonds can not necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of common stocks and many investment-grade bonds . 
unlike the new york stock exchange , where buyers and sellers are quickly matched , the junk market , where risky corporate loans are traded , is sometimes closed for repairs . 
at closely held deltec securities corp. , junk bond money managers UNKNOWN k. UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN h. UNKNOWN say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary UNKNOWN . 
in recent months , they say , there has been heavy selling of junk bonds by some of the market 's traditional investors , while new buyers have n't materialized to replace them . 
wall street securities firms , `` the primary source of liquidity for the high yield market , '' have been net sellers of junk bonds because of trading losses , deltec said in a recent , grim report to customers . 
mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds as junk 's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN by shareholders , deltec said . 
investors , trying to raise cash , have sold `` large liquid issues '' such as rjr holdings corp. and UNKNOWN co. ; declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market 's UNKNOWN . 
and , deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation . 
`` in fact , savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings throughout the quarter , '' deltec said . 
ms. UNKNOWN and ms. UNKNOWN say they are managing their junk portfolios UNKNOWN , building cash and UNKNOWN upgrading the overall quality . 
meanwhile , prudential , the nation 's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds , has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9 billion since august because of falling junk prices . 
`` we certainly do have a lack of liquidity here , and it 's something to be concerned about , '' says james a. UNKNOWN , a managing director . 
`` i have no reason to think things will get worse , but this market has a UNKNOWN for surprising us . 
this market teaches us to be UNKNOWN . '' 
the junk market 's `` yield UNKNOWN are learning a real UNKNOWN lesson , '' he says . 
although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says stuart UNKNOWN , manager of aetna life & casualty insurance co. 's $ 99 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio . 
`` but we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse . 
and the risks are n't appropriate for us , '' he says . 
the big insurer , unlike prudential , owns only about $ 999 million of publicly sold junk bonds . 
the string of big junk bond defaults , which have been a major cause of the market 's problems this year , probably will persist , some analysts say . 
`` if anything , we 're going to see defaults increase because credit ratings have declined , '' says paul UNKNOWN , associate professor at the massachusetts institute of technology 's sloan school of management . 
mr. UNKNOWN , whose study on junk bond defaults caused a UNKNOWN on wall street when it was disclosed last april , says this year 's junk bond defaults already show a high UNKNOWN with his own findings . 
his study showed that junk bonds over time had a cumulative default rate of 99 % . 
one indication of a growing number of junk defaults , mr. UNKNOWN says , is that about half of the $ 9 billion of corporate bonds outstanding that have been lowered to a default rating by s&p this year are junk bonds sold during the market 's big issue years of 9999 through 9999 . 
these bonds , now rated UNKNOWN , include junk offerings by UNKNOWN industries , columbia savings ( colorado ) , first texas savings association , UNKNOWN financial corp. , integrated resources inc. , metropolitan broadcasting corp. , resorts international inc. , southmark corp. and UNKNOWN inc . 
`` obviously , we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market was n't so risky , '' says bradford cornell , professor of finance at university of california 's anderson graduate school of management in los angeles . 
mr. cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds . 
mr. cornell says : `` the junk market is no UNKNOWN as drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the UNKNOWN say . '' 
despite the junk market 's problems , drexel continues to enjoy a loyalty among junk bond investors that its wall street rivals have n't found . 
during the past three weeks , for example , drexel has sold $ 9.9 billion of new junk bonds for turner broadcasting co. , UNKNOWN chemical , continental air and UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
still , the list of troubled drexel bond offerings UNKNOWN that of any firm on wall street , as does its successful offerings . 
troubled UNKNOWN issues include resorts international , UNKNOWN , integrated resources , sci tv , gillette holdings , western electric and southmark . 
`` quality junk bonds will continue to trade well , '' says michael UNKNOWN , chairman of salomon brothers asset management inc . 
`` but the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste . 
as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who owns an art UNKNOWN company , UNKNOWN her UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , she UNKNOWN off the names of a few UNKNOWN -- prince charles , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN ferguson , john UNKNOWN , milton UNKNOWN . 
then , UNKNOWN a diamond ring as big as the UNKNOWN ( `` my day diamond , UNKNOWN '' ) , she told her two UNKNOWN that she is on the `` board '' of the vatican museum in UNKNOWN . 
as it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( former UNKNOWN general of the u.s. ) , mrs. henry UNKNOWN ( widow of the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) and vincent murphy ( an investment banker at merrill lynch & co . ) 
but mrs. UNKNOWN did n't mention any of them . 
`` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN has a way with names , '' says james UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN columnist for UNKNOWN ( and son of joseph UNKNOWN , a founder of UNKNOWN ) . 
like which are UNKNOWN and which are not . 
with the fall social season well under way , UNKNOWN are out in force , trying to UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN and sometimes put down their UNKNOWN . 
but the truth is that almost everyone , from real-estate agents to city UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN ; and a surprising number of people have an ancient uncle who claims he lived next door to the UNKNOWN who did the UNKNOWN kids . 
( in case you have forgotten , his name was rudolph UNKNOWN . ) 
`` name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and UNKNOWN , '' says herbert UNKNOWN , a new york UNKNOWN , with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` it can be an avenue of UNKNOWN to a certain sector of society ... . 
it provides some people a needed sense of UNKNOWN and can help open up a conversation with someone you do n't know . '' 
like the long island UNKNOWN in the theater district the other day who UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN that she once met UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` i was having a drink in UNKNOWN 's , when all of a sudden i saw a woman 's UNKNOWN coming up the steps on the second floor and she was wearing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
i knew it was someone important , so i followed her into the UNKNOWN room and sure enough , it was UNKNOWN . 
so i said , ` UNKNOWN . ' 
and she said , ` UNKNOWN . ' 
can you imagine ? 
UNKNOWN said UNKNOWN to me . '' 
some people must drop names -- call it an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` they ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says dr. UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a new york writer who changed his name from william stretch in 9999 , is an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` i do it UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , '' he says . 
name-dropping recently helped mr. UNKNOWN crash a party fame magazine threw for 999 of the 9,999 people mentioned in the UNKNOWN of the late UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` i guess i might have asked UNKNOWN to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , '' says steven greenberg , publisher of fame . 
`` after all , UNKNOWN was the ultimate UNKNOWN , dropping five a day in his UNKNOWN . 
and UNKNOWN was mentioned twice -- although very briefly and in passing . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN says that at the party he UNKNOWN to malcolm UNKNOWN , publisher of UNKNOWN magazine ( `` UNKNOWN been in the columns together '' ) , mary UNKNOWN , a new york art dealer ( `` i think she knows me , but i 'm not sure '' ) and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN ( `` she knows me , but we 're not really the best of friends '' ) . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
these UNKNOWN do n't UNKNOWN only their UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN mosbacher . 
`` they even drop UNKNOWN names like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whom everybody these days apparently has heard of but no one really knows , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's the UNKNOWN of name-dropping that counts . '' 
but name-dropping has other benefits , often civic . 
in the name of civic pride and from the desire to UNKNOWN a negative image , some city UNKNOWN seek to link their UNKNOWN with the most UNKNOWN names the city has to offer . 
take cleveland . 
it has gotten a bad UNKNOWN because its once heavily UNKNOWN UNKNOWN river caught fire , because former mayor ralph UNKNOWN set his hair on fire with an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and because its proposed rock UNKNOWN roll hall of fame was recently refused an UNKNOWN grant . 
some people call it `` the mistake on the lake '' -- lake UNKNOWN , that is . 
`` it helps to point out how many important people came through cleveland on their way to the top , '' says george miller , executive director of the new cleveland campaign , a UNKNOWN organization devoted to citing the city 's UNKNOWN . 
mr. miller notes that actor paul UNKNOWN 's family owned a UNKNOWN store in cleveland , that the late UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who played the bad UNKNOWN in `` the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , '' once ran a UNKNOWN school in cleveland and that UNKNOWN bob hope 's father , a UNKNOWN , once worked on a church next to UNKNOWN hall , cleveland 's main UNKNOWN hall . 
`` power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' mr. miller says . 
in hollywood , an average family can gain UNKNOWN from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
`` why we even just sold a UNKNOWN house in van UNKNOWN and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original lone UNKNOWN lived there , '' says david UNKNOWN , a sales associate with jon douglas co. , a los angeles real-estate agency . 
`` most people ca n't even remember his name . '' 
( it is john hart . ) 
mr. UNKNOWN says that a UNKNOWN property UNKNOWN the san UNKNOWN valley is priced at $ 9 million because the late actor UNKNOWN UNKNOWN once lived there . 
`` if UNKNOWN had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 9 million lower , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , noting that UNKNOWN 's house has been UNKNOWN , and only the UNKNOWN pool remains . 
press agents and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are notorious UNKNOWN . 
and some even do it with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a financial UNKNOWN in new york , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . 
he says that when dan UNKNOWN , a financial columnist with usa today , has n't returned his phone calls , he leaves messages with mr. UNKNOWN 's office saying that he has an important story on donald trump , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or marvin davis . 
he admits he has no story on any of them on these UNKNOWN . 
`` but it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the UNKNOWN , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
there are , of course , obvious UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN name-dropping . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a publicity agent for the UNKNOWN office in los angeles , warns that dropping the wrong name UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN as a UNKNOWN and a fraud . 
`` get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN says that elizabeth taylor , a client , `` UNKNOWN being called ` UNKNOWN . ' ... 
if directors or producers phone me and say they know ` UNKNOWN , ' i know they 've never met her . 
she prefers ` elizabeth . ' '' 
in new york society , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the very social wife of author william UNKNOWN , has the UNKNOWN `` mrs. UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN . '' 
and her husband sometimes calls her `` UNKNOWN . '' 
`` but call her ` UNKNOWN , ' and it 's a sure UNKNOWN you 're not in her circle , because she does n't use that name , '' says joan UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of avenue magazine , a monthly publication sent to all the right names . 
john UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN of the late sir UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , former prime minister of great britain , is n't that impressed with most UNKNOWN he UNKNOWN . 
that 's because they only drop `` mere names , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
currently writing his UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN , an artist , tells how UNKNOWN such as the late UNKNOWN paul UNKNOWN , the oil UNKNOWN , were , in fact , known only by one initial , their last . 
`` when you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've UNKNOWN to ` UNKNOWN . ' 
now they know who you mean and you know who you mean . 
but no one else does . 
now that 's name-dropping , if you know what i mean . 
part of a series } 
UNKNOWN , ga. -- 
the UNKNOWN strip in this booming UNKNOWN runs nearly five miles along UNKNOWN parkway , stretching from the UNKNOWN highway that UNKNOWN atlanta to the `` big chicken , '' a UNKNOWN fast-food restaurant and local landmark . 
UNKNOWN years ago , in the UNKNOWN of suburban UNKNOWN , just a handful of UNKNOWN were here . 
now there are 99 . 
UNKNOWN such UNKNOWN names as chevrolet , ford and dodge are UNKNOWN that did n't exist until three years ago : UNKNOWN , sterling , UNKNOWN . 
under construction is the strip 's 99th UNKNOWN , the future home of UNKNOWN , a luxury UNKNOWN launched by toyota motor corp. just two months ago . 
the 9999s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in america , in everything from phone companies to UNKNOWN . 
and especially , as the UNKNOWN parkway strip UNKNOWN , in cars . 
americans now can choose among 999 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 999 when the decade began , according to automotive news , a trade publication . 
for car marketers , it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from UNKNOWN to one of the new makes on the block . 
for american car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
malcolm UNKNOWN , vice chairman of the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , case & taylor advertising agency in new york , calls the proliferation `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
he says the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today , and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a UNKNOWN image . 
`` the winners , '' he predicts , `` will be brands from car makers that have traditionally been associated with quality and value . '' 
he says it 's important for a new make to be as UNKNOWN as possible while still retaining links to the parent company 's quality image . 
he UNKNOWN toyota and nissan motor co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models , rather than simply adding more UNKNOWN to their standard car lines . 
some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice UNKNOWN the drawbacks . 
`` there 's more noise out there , and the consumer may have to work harder to cut through it , '' says vincent p. UNKNOWN , executive director of market research and planning at general motors corp . 
`` but the reward is that there 's less need to make UNKNOWN '' in choosing one 's UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN page , of north UNKNOWN lake city , utah , likes the broader selection . 
she wants something big , and already has looked at the chrysler new UNKNOWN and lincoln town car . 
now , the 99-year-old car UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN in on a UNKNOWN van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine UNKNOWN and pull a UNKNOWN at the same time . 
`` that seems to be what all my friends are using to take the UNKNOWN to the lake , '' she says . 
market UNKNOWN in cars is n't new , but it 's far more extensive than when alfred p. sloan jr. UNKNOWN the idea 99 years ago . 
the legendary gm chairman declared that his company would make `` a car for every UNKNOWN and purpose . '' 
now there are many cars for every UNKNOWN and purpose . 
just four years ago , gm planners divided the combined car and truck market into seven segments . 
today , they identify 99 distinct segments for cars , and another 99 for trucks and vans . 
the number of makes has UNKNOWN because the u.s. is the world 's biggest and UNKNOWN market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here . 
for every brand like renault or fiat that has been squeezed out , others such as UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and mitsubishi have come in . 
detroit tries to counter the foreign UNKNOWN with new brands of its own . 
gm launched the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers , and next year gm 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cars will make their debut . 
ford motor co. created the merkur UNKNOWN in 9999 to sell its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the u.s. . 
but slow sales forced ford to kill the brand just last week . 
when consumers have so many choices , brand loyalty is much harder to maintain . 
the wall street journal 's `` american way of buying '' survey found that 99 % of today 's car buyers tend to switch brands . 
for the survey , peter d. hart research associates and the roper organization each asked about 9,999 u.s. consumers about their buying UNKNOWN . 
which cars do americans favor most these days ? 
it 's hard to UNKNOWN , but age seems to be the best UNKNOWN . 
adults under age 99 like sports cars , luxury cars , UNKNOWN and imports far more than their UNKNOWN do . 
three of every 99 buyers under 99 would prefer to buy a sports car , compared with just 99 % of adults 99 and over , according to the journal survey . 
young consumers prefer luxury cars by a 99 % to 99 % margin -- even though older buyers , because of their UNKNOWN , are more likely to actually purchase a luxury car . 
perhaps most striking , 99 % of households headed by people UNKNOWN 99 to 99 have at least one foreign car . 
that 's true of only 99 % of households headed by someone 99 or older . 
generally , imports appeal most to americans who live in the west and are UNKNOWN , affluent and , especially , young . 
`` for many baby boomers , buying a domestic car is a totally foreign experience , '' says christopher UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN analyst with UNKNOWN power & co. of UNKNOWN hills , calif . 
such preferences persist even though many americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are UNKNOWN . 
only 99 % of americans now believe that foreign cars get better gas UNKNOWN than domestic models , the journal survey found , down from 99 % in 9999 . 
some 99 % give foreign cars higher quality ratings , down from 99 % two years ago . 
on the other hand , only 99 % say foreign cars are less comfortable than u.s. models , down from 99 % in 9999 . 
people in the automotive business disagree over how UNKNOWN younger americans are to brand switching . 
`` once buying UNKNOWN are formed , they 're very hard to break , '' declares thomas UNKNOWN , executive vice president for nissan 's u.s. sales operations . 
but out on UNKNOWN parkway , ted UNKNOWN sees it UNKNOWN . 
`` the competition is so intense that an owner 's loyalty to a UNKNOWN or a car is virtually UNKNOWN , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , vice president of ed UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , one of the first UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN on the strip . 
thus the very UNKNOWN of baby boomers may make it possible to win them back , just as it was possible to lose them . 
the battle for customer loyalty is evident along the UNKNOWN parkway strip . 
ed UNKNOWN UNKNOWN recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old , so they get UNKNOWN service . 
just down the street , chris UNKNOWN UNKNOWN serious shoppers to UNKNOWN a new UNKNOWN to any other UNKNOWN along the strip , and compare the cars UNKNOWN . 
manufacturers , too , are stretching further to lure buyers . 
gm 's UNKNOWN division , ignoring detroit 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that safety does n't sell , is airing television commercials UNKNOWN its cars ' safety features . 
UNKNOWN may be on to something . 
some 99 % of the survey respondents said they would buy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN even if they carry a medium or high price tag . 
more than 99 % felt the same way about air bags . 
both features appealed most to buyers under 99 . 
in contrast , UNKNOWN computers , power seats and UNKNOWN engines had little appeal . 
but even a little appeal has a lot of UNKNOWN these days . 
gm 's UNKNOWN division is offering a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN engine on its grand UNKNOWN model , even though it expects to sell only about 9,999 cars equipped with that option . 
the reason : items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as UNKNOWN as today 's . 
americans spent more than $ 999 billion on new cars and trucks last year , and just 9 % of that market exceeded polaroid co. 's sales of $ 9.99 billion . 
`` even if it 's only 9 % , '' says gm 's mr. UNKNOWN , `` would you throw away sales the size of polaroid ? '' 
american telephone & telegraph co. said it will lay off 99 to 99 technicians here , effective nov. 9 . 
the workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large UNKNOWN telephone networks . 
it 's a california crime UNKNOWN worthy of an UNKNOWN stanley UNKNOWN title : the case of the UNKNOWN palm trees . 
edward UNKNOWN UNKNOWN one morning last month to find eight UNKNOWN in his front yard where his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , called UNKNOWN , once stood . 
days later , the UNKNOWN returned and UNKNOWN out more , this time adding UNKNOWN to injury . 
`` the second time , '' he says , `` they left the UNKNOWN . '' 
no UNKNOWN crime , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN up all over southern california , bringing big UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN who know their UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , the most popular of which is the UNKNOWN palm , are UNKNOWN versions of california 's famous UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
because the UNKNOWN is relatively rare and grows only a couple of inches a year , it 's a UNKNOWN lawn UNKNOWN : a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN can retail for $ 9,999 , and UNKNOWN ones often fetch $ 9,999 or more . 
`` UNKNOWN , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a research associate UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN at the los angeles state and county UNKNOWN . 
just last week , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN damaged three UNKNOWN at mr. UNKNOWN 's home in the eagle rock section before something UNKNOWN them off , UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's hard to think someone is UNKNOWN your garden , '' he says . 
police suspect that the criminals , who UNKNOWN up the plants in the dead of night , are selling them to UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN has become a popular UNKNOWN in tony new housing UNKNOWN , apparently giving the UNKNOWN a ready market for their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN are going to find `` anybody who has enough UNKNOWN to plant these things in their front yard , '' says william UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN with the police department in garden UNKNOWN , calif. , where five such UNKNOWN have been reported in the past several weeks . 
the department is advising residents to plant UNKNOWN , if they must , in the back yard and telling UNKNOWN to be on the UNKNOWN for anyone trying to palm one off . 
but for those californians who want exotic UNKNOWN out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always harold smith 's approach . 
after three UNKNOWN were stolen from his home in garden UNKNOWN , `` i put a big iron stake in the ground and tied the tree to the stake with a chain , '' he says UNKNOWN . 
`` and you ca n't cut this chain with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
program trading on the new york stock exchange in september rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume . 
september program trading amounted to 99.9 % of average daily new york stock exchange volume of 999.9 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in july 9999 . 
a daily average of 99.9 million shares traded in program strategies in september , the UNKNOWN level ever . 
the highest level was in june 9999 , when a daily average of 99.9 million shares traded in program strategies . 
average daily trading volume in june of 999.9 million shares was considerably higher than in september . 
program trading amounted to 99.9 % of average daily volume in june . 
the big board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 99 or more stocks . 
the most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits . 
it 's the most controversial form of program trading because it can create UNKNOWN price swings in the stock market . 
salomon brothers inc. was the top program trader in september , but most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage . 
overall , salomon reported program trading volume of 99.9 million shares . 
the top stock-index arbitrage firm last month was morgan stanley & co . 
of morgan stanley 's 99.9 million shares in program trades for the month , 99.9 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades . 
behind UNKNOWN morgan stanley were kidder , peabody & co. , goldman , sachs & co. and UNKNOWN first boston inc. 's first boston corp. unit . 
a group of shareholders filed suit against imperial corp. of america , drexel burnham lambert inc. , first executive corp. and others , charging them with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN imperial 's stock price to protect certain major investors . 
the complaint , filed in federal district court , UNKNOWN imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data . 
it also charges that imperial , the holding company for imperial savings & loan , experienced major losses and UNKNOWN because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages . 
the suit seeks unspecified damages . 
imperial is in the midst of reducing its junk-bond holdings and getting out of the investment banking business in order to return to traditional thrift activities . 
the derivative suit is similar to a class-action complaint filed earlier this year . 
imperial said in a statement it expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit and a recent article in UNKNOWN 's magazine that focused on the company 's problems . 
although an imperial spokesman said the company had n't yet been served with the derivative suit , he UNKNOWN the company 's statement that it would UNKNOWN defend itself against the class-action suit . 
spokesmen at drexel and first executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit . 
in a separate complaint also filed in federal court here , shareholder max UNKNOWN of new york charged imperial , its top executives and directors with breach of UNKNOWN duty and UNKNOWN the company 's assets . 
imperial said it had n't been served with this suit either . 
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 99-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 99 days . 
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 999-day estimate . 
rhone-poulenc s.a. , paris , said it completed the purchase of the specialty chemicals operation of UNKNOWN corp. , a british mining and industrial group . 
rhone-poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said UNKNOWN chemicals has annual sales of about $ 999 million . 
it did n't release terms of the transaction . 
consumer spending in britain rose 9.9 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 9.9 % from a year ago , the central statistical office estimated friday . 
a group including gene e. phillips , former chairman of southmark corp. , and william s. UNKNOWN , former vice chairman of southmark , lowered its stake in the dallas real estate concern to 9.9 % , according to a filing with the securities and exchange commission . 
the group said it sold 999,999 southmark common shares from sept. 9 to oct. 9 for 99.99 cents to 99 cents a share . 
the filing said the group continues to hold 9,999,999 remaining shares . 
eastman kodak co. , seeking to position itself in the potentially huge high-definition television market , unveiled a converter that can UNKNOWN conventional motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
the move also helps the rochester , n.y. , photographic giant ensure that its motion-picture film business -- for which it holds a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN every hollywood movie company -- is n't made UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN hdtv business . 
while the UNKNOWN converter is costly , it 's being UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN hdtv industry as a way of increasing the number of high-quality shows that can be seen on the new medium . 
`` the industry has been waiting with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for the machines to come along , '' says david UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN five productions inc. , a new york pioneer in high-definition programming . 
he notes that industry executives have until now worried that they would face a severe shortage of programs once consumers begin replacing their tv sets with UNKNOWN . 
japanese electronic giants , such as sony corp. and hitachi ltd. , have focused almost entirely on hdtv hardware , and virtually ignored software or programs shot in high-definition . 
and only a handful of small u.s. companies are engaged in high-definition software development . 
it 's estimated that just about 999 hours of UNKNOWN programming is currently available for airing . 
kodak says its new UNKNOWN hdtv converter will help UNKNOWN the problem by allowing UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to convert movies and television programs shot in UNKNOWN motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
consumers will be able to switch on their hdtv sets and get all the UNKNOWN benefits the high-tech medium offers . 
otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color tvs . 
it would be like `` watching a black and white movie on a color tv set , '' says malcolm g. UNKNOWN , chairman of the film and video department at the rochester institute of technology . 
the new UNKNOWN are `` a critical link between film and the television UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN d. UNKNOWN , vice president and general manager of kodak 's motion picture and UNKNOWN products division . 
kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years . 
a similar machine already on the market , made by rank UNKNOWN ltd. , a unit of rank UNKNOWN , costs about $ 999,999 . 
and the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say . 
if hdtv takes off in the u.s. , there will be demand for some 9,999 to 9,999 hdtv UNKNOWN , known in the industry as UNKNOWN . 
demand will come first from programming production companies and then from television stations . 
`` the converter is head and UNKNOWN above anything else i 've seen , '' says richard j. UNKNOWN , vice president - engineering and development at mca inc. 's universal city studios . 
and mr. UNKNOWN , the program producer , contends that kodak 's move is `` a sound marketing decision . 
they ca n't afford to stay out of hdtv . '' 
indeed , the stakes are high . 
the u.s. electronics industry estimates that the hdtv market will total about $ 999 billion over the next two decades , with an additional $ 999 billion expected to go for related products . 
UNKNOWN break down images into more than 9,999 lines , compared with 999 for today 's UNKNOWN , providing considerably sharper detail . 
and the sets are wider , UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of a movie screen . 
but the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed . 
experts estimate the first sets of UNKNOWN wo n't be available for another five to 99 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 9,999 each in today 's dollars . 
some critics say they wo n't be quickly embraced by consumers because of the high price . 
nevertheless , kodak could n't risk letting hdtv turn its motion-picture film business into a UNKNOWN . 
`` kodak UNKNOWN hdtv is where everybody is going , '' says UNKNOWN 's mr. UNKNOWN . 
yet another political scandal is UNKNOWN japan . 
but this time it 's hurting opposition as well as UNKNOWN members . 
and as it UNKNOWN , it 's UNKNOWN some of the more UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN aspects of japanese society . 
already , ruling liberal democratic party demands that opposition members testify under UNKNOWN in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month . 
but the scandal itself is so UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of UNKNOWN the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone . 
`` the opposition can be the most hurt because everyone already figures the ldp is that kind of UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , former aide to ldp UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and now an independent analyst . 
but , he adds , `` we ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it . '' 
this time , the scandal centers on donations made by the UNKNOWN pachinko UNKNOWN industry . 
pachinko , a kind of UNKNOWN , is japan 's favorite form of legal UNKNOWN . 
the donations so far appear to be small , especially compared with the huge sums that changed hands in the recruit co . UNKNOWN scandal that plagued the ruling party last year . 
but the implications could be great . 
pachinko is slightly on the UNKNOWN side , often linked to the lower ranks of japan 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN at the top of annual lists of tax UNKNOWN . 
recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
also , about 99 % of pachinko UNKNOWN owners are korean , many of whom maintain close ties with north or south korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in japan . 
to many japanese , pachinko is UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN pachinko UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from the main streets and narrow UNKNOWN of cities and towns across the country . 
UNKNOWN pass hours , watching the lights UNKNOWN and listening to the metal balls UNKNOWN , as much to gamble as to get a little time to be UNKNOWN , alone with their UNKNOWN . 
at 999 yen ( $ 9.99 ) for a handful of balls , pachinko is a common UNKNOWN , and has been since it took root as cheap entertainment in the years after world war ii . 
but the total of all those UNKNOWN balls has created an industry with a reported annual income of 99 trillion yen ( almost $ 99 billion ) , or nearly the size of japan 's UNKNOWN automobile industry . 
and because the pachinko industry is UNKNOWN at the top of annual lists for tax UNKNOWN , some observers estimate the real income could be as much as 99 trillion yen . 
if that money were being UNKNOWN , it could bring the government a badly needed several trillion yen . 
in 9999 , an attempt was made to crack down on the industry with tougher restrictions . 
then , in 9999 , a proposal to keep better track of income by selling prepaid cards for pachinko was UNKNOWN in parliament . 
the proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national UNKNOWN : north UNKNOWN oppose the plan while south UNKNOWN , japanese and UNKNOWN accept it or are UNKNOWN . 
in august , a conservative weekly magazine reported that a pachinko industry organization donated money to japan socialist party members . 
the magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering UNKNOWN to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been UNKNOWN money back and forth between the jsp and the north korean residents ' organization , the chosen UNKNOWN . 
the chosen UNKNOWN and the jsp immediately denied the report . 
and at first , neither the opposition nor the ldp wanted to pursue the issue . 
but the press kept it alive ; as with the recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money . 
within a matter of weeks , UNKNOWN magazines reported that members of the ruling ldp had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
so far , though , there have been no allegations that the contributions the ldp members received amounted to UNKNOWN . 
then the two UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN : reports that chosen UNKNOWN had donated directly to jsp members were rapidly UNKNOWN by statements that the south korean residents ' organization had long been UNKNOWN directly to ldp members . 
the jsp admitted oct. 99 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization , and charged ldp members with receiving 999 million yen ( $ 999,999 ) and other opposition parties with taking about 9.9 million yen . 
on friday , the chief cabinet secretary announced that eight cabinet ministers had received five million yen from the industry , including 999,999 yen ( $ 9,999 ) by prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
no one has alleged that the donations were by themselves illegal . 
direct donations from either of the residents ' organizations would be illegal because the groups are defined as foreign , but both groups deny making direct donations . 
they say it s possible some of their members may be UNKNOWN privately . 
the issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in japan and many speak only japanese . 
that they retain korean UNKNOWN and ties is a UNKNOWN of history -- their parents were shipped in as UNKNOWN during the decades when japan occupied korea before world war ii -- and the discrimination that still faces UNKNOWN in japanese society . 
many japanese think it only natural that the organizations or their members would UNKNOWN to politicians , the way many japanese do , to win favor or support . 
both residents ' organizations admit to receiving some funding from abroad . 
but ldp members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in UNKNOWN about the jsp 's alleged donations , UNKNOWN that north korean money would be more suspect than south korean because north korea is communist and south korea is an ally . 
when robert mcduffie was 99 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the same night , and she was UNKNOWN about his attending . 
`` i threw such a fit , '' says mr. mcduffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . 
`` but once UNKNOWN started playing , i did n't give a damn about basketball ... . 
afterwards , i went home and UNKNOWN for three hours . '' 
today , it 's obvious that the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN made the right choice . 
at 99 , mr. mcduffie has a rich , UNKNOWN tone , an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and an increasingly busy schedule . 
he 's currently in the midst of a UNKNOWN u.s. tour with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the warsaw UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN including charleston , s.c . ( oct. 99 ) , UNKNOWN , fla . ( oct. 99 ) , tampa , fla . ( oct. 99 ) and miami ( oct. 99 ) . 
later this season he gives a recital at washington 's kennedy center , and appears as UNKNOWN with several major UNKNOWN . 
yet mr. mcduffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known UNKNOWN . 
during the late 9999s , he was part of a UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN pack '' -- a group of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who studied at the UNKNOWN school with the noted UNKNOWN UNKNOWN delay . 
his violin UNKNOWN included UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who performed with major UNKNOWN while still a student ; UNKNOWN lin , who joined the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN artists inc. at the age of 99 ; and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who launched her career by winning the 9999 UNKNOWN competition . 
`` i thought i was over the hill at 99 , '' recalls mr. mcduffie , an UNKNOWN man with pale blue eyes and a light southern UNKNOWN . 
`` but i was n't ready for a career at that time . '' 
young mcduffie 's first violin teacher was UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who taught in the UNKNOWN public school system . 
`` he taught me how to play like a UNKNOWN , '' jokes the UNKNOWN . 
`` i did n't learn to count until i got to UNKNOWN . '' 
after studies at that UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN division with an assistant to the legendary UNKNOWN ivan UNKNOWN , he switched at the college level to miss delay , mr. UNKNOWN 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . 
`` i think i had to prove myself to her , '' says mr. mcduffie . 
`` but she was always encouraging . 
she only put her foot down twice , '' he continues . 
`` in my UNKNOWN year , my UNKNOWN was known as a party animal . 
she thought i was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
as the UNKNOWN tells it , his UNKNOWN looking teacher `` put her hands on her UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN her foot and said , ` you 've just got to get the { UNKNOWN UNKNOWN } out of there . ' '' 
the second incident took place after mr. mcduffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . 
miss delay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital . 
`` we UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN ` UNKNOWN , ' '' he recalls , `` and she said , ` you hear the first note , that UNKNOWN ? 
that 's the only note that 's truly in UNKNOWN ... ' . '' 
`` that 's the most important experience i 've had with any teacher , '' he says , `` because she taught me how to listen . 
now , when i play with UNKNOWN , the musicians often UNKNOWN me on my UNKNOWN . '' 
it was also at UNKNOWN that mr. mcduffie discovered his UNKNOWN for conservative , 99th-century american UNKNOWN such as david diamond and samuel barber . 
after winning a school competition with a performance of the latter 's `` violin concerto , '' mr. mcduffie was invited to play the work for the UNKNOWN , who was dying of cancer . 
`` barber was UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN looking very pale , '' recalls the UNKNOWN , who performed the work with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN 's apartment . 
`` he did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score . 
there 's a beautiful , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- he 'd kill me if he heard me say that -- throughout the first movement ... 
the only time the violin has it is right at the end . 
it 's written ` UNKNOWN ' in the score , and i played it that way , kind of UNKNOWN . 
and he UNKNOWN out ` UNKNOWN ! UNKNOWN ! ' { ` sweet ! sweet ! ' } . '' 
`` so we did it over , '' he adds . 
`` i played very UNKNOWN , with the tip of the UNKNOWN . 
if a UNKNOWN is sensitive enough to bring down the UNKNOWN { volume } at that point , it makes the piece UNKNOWN . 
i do n't know why barber never told anybody else . 
on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's recording it 's very UNKNOWN . '' 
since leaving UNKNOWN , mr. mcduffie has made some smart moves and some controversial ones . 
his guest appearance on the nbc soap opera `` another world , '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
by contrast , he 's won UNKNOWN for his UNKNOWN of william UNKNOWN 's `` violin concerto , '' which he recently recorded for UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN along with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's engaging `` UNKNOWN for violin solo , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. mcduffie 's sweet tone , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN make him an ideal UNKNOWN of both works . 
aided by the fluid playing of the st. louis UNKNOWN under UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's direction , this `` UNKNOWN '' really swings . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's `` violin concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for solo violin with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN until the UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . '' 
but there are UNKNOWN rewards in its UNKNOWN slow sections and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
at UNKNOWN fisher hall here , mr. mcduffie was heard recently with mr. UNKNOWN and the warsaw UNKNOWN in more conventional fare -- UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN `` violin concerto in UNKNOWN minor . '' 
his performance was so UNKNOWN and driven that the UNKNOWN rarely UNKNOWN . 
the 99-member UNKNOWN played UNKNOWN with a big , UNKNOWN sound that UNKNOWN its size . 
whatever he plays , mr. mcduffie finds satisfaction in the music itself -- `` something greater out there than me , '' as he puts it during an interview at the manhattan apartment he shares with wife , UNKNOWN , a literary UNKNOWN . 
`` a normal person did not write the UNKNOWN ` violin concerto , ' '' he declares . 
`` even when i hear it played badly , i 'm still UNKNOWN by the piece . 
if i could ever feel i 've contributed to it in some way , then all the hard work has been worth it . '' 
ms. UNKNOWN is a free-lance music writer in new york . 
are consumers too deep in UNKNOWN ? 
a lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the UNKNOWN among us could be hurt . 
a sudden , forced UNKNOWN by consumers , who normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity , would damp the economy at a time when UNKNOWN spending is slowing and UNKNOWN governments ca n't readily take up the slack . 
and another wave of bad loans would further UNKNOWN many UNKNOWN lending institutions . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN some UNKNOWN trends . 
during the almost UNKNOWN economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 99 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 99 % . 
and the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 99 9\/9 % . 
however , these figures do n't seem to worry thomas a. durkin , an economist at the federal reserve board . 
in a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the national association of business economists in san francisco , mr. durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier UNKNOWN . '' 
he adds : `` we are now UNKNOWN a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
but what about the debt burden ? 
mr. durkin doubts that `` there is some UNKNOWN level '' at which the ratio of installment debt to disposable income `` indicates economic problems . '' 
and , `` more UNKNOWN , '' he says , `` the debt burden measured other ways is not really in UNKNOWN waters . '' 
the chart below shows why ( see accompanying illustration -- wsj oct. 99 , 9999 ) . 
the ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income , though up a bit , has n't climbed UNKNOWN , and such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed . 
moreover , the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be `` lower in this cycle than earlier , '' mr. durkin says . 
he notes that some `` UNKNOWN credit-card credit is actually UNKNOWN credit '' being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing . 
in addition , he says , `` longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of UNKNOWN and the accompanying payment burden . '' 
and if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' mr. durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by UNKNOWN families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
citing figures on UNKNOWN loans , he notes that `` 99 % of homeowners had UNKNOWN credit accounts , but the proportion rises to 99 % of homeowners in the $ UNKNOWN income range and 99 % of homeowners with income above $ 99,999 . '' 
and much UNKNOWN credit is used UNKNOWN . 
`` the most frequent use is home improvement , which UNKNOWN improves the value of the property , '' mr. durkin says . 
so , it is n't surprising that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at banks remain , as the chart shows , UNKNOWN below some earlier highs ( see accompanying illustration -- wsj oct. 99 , 9999 ) . 
a severe recession could , of course , raise UNKNOWN rates , but so far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to UNKNOWN as a major threat . 
in fact , the current weakness in auto buying and UNKNOWN sales and the gradual UNKNOWN in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN a bit more UNKNOWN . 
in july , consumer installment credit outstanding fell for the first time since january 9999 . 
`` consumers appear UNKNOWN to add to their leverage to support their spending , '' bruce steinberg , a merrill lynch economist , says . 
`` as a result , household debt appears to be stabilizing at around 99 % of gnp . '' 
consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running UNKNOWN through the shopping UNKNOWN -- or putting the economy at any great risk . 
maidenform inc. UNKNOWN to be intimate with its customers , but not with the rest of the public . 
the 99-year-old maker of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN one of the UNKNOWN brand images , but its financial profile is closely UNKNOWN by members of the founding family . 
`` there are very few companies that can UNKNOWN of such a UNKNOWN group , '' says robert a. brawer , 99 years old , recently named president , succeeding UNKNOWN coleman , his UNKNOWN , who remains chairman . 
`` we are a UNKNOWN breed , '' he UNKNOWN . 
mrs. coleman , 99 , who declined to be interviewed , is the maidenform strategist . 
sales have tripled during her 99-year tenure to about $ 999 million in 9999 . 
maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics . 
the company sells image . 
its current ad campaign , on which maidenform has spent more than $ 99 million since fall 9999 , does n't even show its underwear products , but rather men like christopher UNKNOWN , star of the `` UNKNOWN '' movies , talking about their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the maidenform name `` is part of american pop culture , '' says joan UNKNOWN , account supervisor of the campaign by levine , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a new york ad firm . 
maidenform generated such UNKNOWN campaigns as `` i UNKNOWN i ... in my maidenform UNKNOWN , '' and `` the maidenform woman . 
you never know where she 'll turn up . '' 
`` UNKNOWN on the brand is key , '' says mr. brawer , whose immediate plans include further international expansion and getting better control of distribution outside the u.s. . 
`` the intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly { maidenform } is a force to be UNKNOWN with , '' says david s. UNKNOWN , a special situations analyst at american securities corp. in new york . 
although working women are `` forced to wear the UNKNOWN of the day , to retain their UNKNOWN they are buying better quality , more upscale intimate apparel , '' he said . 
although mr. brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on sept. 99 UNKNOWN the resignation of alan lesk as senior vice president of sales and UNKNOWN . 
three days later , mr. lesk was named president and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN co. , a competing intimate apparel division of UNKNOWN inc . 
UNKNOWN also owns UNKNOWN , another major intimate apparel maker . 
mr. lesk could n't be reached to comment . 
but maidenform officials say that after spending 99 years at maidenform , mr. lesk , 99 , made it clear he wanted the top job . 
`` if you want the presidency of the company , this is n't the firm to work for , '' says james UNKNOWN , 99 , who was named senior vice president of sales , assuming some of the responsibilities of mr. lesk . 
the company UNKNOWN the loss of mr. lesk and split his UNKNOWN responsibilities among a committee of four people . 
`` my style is less UNKNOWN , '' mr. brawer says . 
top officers insist maidenform 's greatest strength is its family ownership . 
`` you ca n't go anywhere in this company and find an organizational chart , '' one UNKNOWN . 
`` it is fun competing as a private company , '' mr. brawer says . 
`` you can think long range . '' 
other major players in intimate apparel apparently feel the same way . 
UNKNOWN was taken private by UNKNOWN group in 9999 for about $ 999 million . 
and last year , UNKNOWN holdings inc. went private for about $ 999 million . 
it was then split into UNKNOWN apparel inc. , the intimate apparel division , and UNKNOWN family products corp. , which makes UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN items and other products . 
publicly traded UNKNOWN corp. , which owns UNKNOWN fair , and UNKNOWN lee corp. , which owns UNKNOWN co. , are also strong forces in intimate apparel . 
buy-out offers for maidenform are n't UNKNOWN , says executive vice president david c. UNKNOWN , but they are n't taken very seriously . 
when he gets calls , `` i do n't even have to UNKNOWN '' with mrs. coleman , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
the company could UNKNOWN a good price in the market . 
`` over the past three and a half years , apparel companies , many of whom have strong brand names , have been bought at about 99 % of sales , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , prudential-bache securities inc. apparel analyst . 
mr. brawer , along with mrs. coleman and her UNKNOWN , elizabeth , an attorney who is vice chairman , are the family members involved in the operations of maidenform , which employs about 9,999 . 
mr. brawer 's wife , UNKNOWN , and robert UNKNOWN , elizabeth 's husband , round out the UNKNOWN board . 
each has an equal vote at the monthly meetings . 
`` we are all very UNKNOWN , '' mr. brawer says . 
executives say mrs. coleman is very involved in the day-to-day operations , especially product development . 
in the late 9999s she designed a UNKNOWN stretch UNKNOWN that boosted sales . 
her father , william UNKNOWN , designed the UNKNOWN making company 's first UNKNOWN in the 9999s , which he said gave women a `` UNKNOWN form '' compared with the `` UNKNOWN form '' they got from the `` flat UNKNOWN '' used for support at the time . 
while mr. UNKNOWN introduced new UNKNOWN designs , his wife , UNKNOWN , concentrated on sales and other financial matters . 
the name maidenform was UNKNOWN by a third business partner , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the company has 99 plants and distribution facilities in the u.s. , puerto rico , other parts of the caribbean and ireland . 
maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , and has 99 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
before joining maidenform in 9999 , mr. brawer , who holds a UNKNOWN degree in english from the university of chicago , taught at the university of wisconsin . 
as a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer UNKNOWN division , UNKNOWN de la UNKNOWN , since its UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
to maintain UNKNOWN of that designer line , it is n't UNKNOWN with the maidenform name . 
while the company has always been UNKNOWN , mr. brawer is n't the first person to UNKNOWN into the family and subsequently head maidenform . 
mrs. coleman 's husband , joseph , a UNKNOWN , succeeded mrs. UNKNOWN as president and served in that post until his death in 9999 . 
china could UNKNOWN its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a western government report says , unless imports are cut UNKNOWN to help narrow the UNKNOWN deficit . 
according to the report , completed last month , if china 's trade gap continues to UNKNOWN at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 9999 or 9999 . 
a country is considered financially healthy if its reserves cover three months of its imports . 
the $ 99 billion of reserves china had in june would cover just that much . 
the report by the western government , which declines to be identified , concludes that `` a near-term foreign-exchange payment problem can be avoided only if import growth drops to below 9 % per UNKNOWN . '' 
according to chinese customs figures , import growth has slowed in recent months , dropping to 99 % in july and 9.9 % in august from the year-earlier periods , compared with an average growth rate of 99 % in the first half . 
but before import growth slowed , china 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves . 
the $ 99 billion level in june marked a drop from $ 99 billion at the end of april . 
china 's last big import UNKNOWN sent reserves UNKNOWN to $ 99.9 billion in june 9999 from $ 99.9 billion the previous september . 
china might UNKNOWN off a crisis if it acts as UNKNOWN as it did to arrest the 9999 decline , when beijing UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN on foreign-exchange spending and UNKNOWN the currency . 
but this time , china faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the UNKNOWN square killings june 9 . 
for example , china 's UNKNOWN income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist UNKNOWN since june 9 . 
revenue from tourism this year is projected to total $ 9.9 billion , down from $ 9.9 billion last year . 
because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in china 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of funds , is expected to UNKNOWN sharply from the $ 9.9 billion deficit last year . 
the western government report suggests a number of UNKNOWN for china 's UNKNOWN balance , two of which are considered most likely . 
in one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 99 % and 9 % recorded during the first seven months , and the UNKNOWN deficit widens to $ 99.9 billion . 
in 9999 , china had a record deficit of $ 99.9 billion . 
the other scenario UNKNOWN that beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months . 
in this case , china would still finish the year with a UNKNOWN deficit of $ 9.9 billion , based on projections that imports for all of this year grow 99 % and exports 99 % . 
if china were still on good terms with foreign lenders , it might be able to stem the drain on its foreign-exchange reserves by using some loan funds to offset the UNKNOWN deficit . 
but since june , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to china . 
even if borrowing UNKNOWN , commercial bankers are n't expected to lend as much as before . 
in addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of china 's deteriorating political and economic environment . 
on top of all this , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are expected to peak in 9999 to 9999 . 
with less capital coming in , china 's balance of payments would suffer . 
the western government report 's first scenario UNKNOWN a 99 % reduction in foreign borrowing and a 9 % UNKNOWN in foreign direct investment . 
in the second , foreign borrowing is projected to grow 99 % and investment to drop 99 % . 
but in either case , the report says , china 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves , which are used to finance the UNKNOWN . 
in the first scenario , the reserves would be UNKNOWN next year , and in the second they would be wiped out in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN holding ag , parent of the swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 99 % in the first nine months of the year to 9.99 billion francs ( $ 9.99 billion ) . 
the company reported good gains in all of its divisions . 
UNKNOWN also said it expects a `` considerable rise '' in 9999 group profit from the 999.9 UNKNOWN ( $ 999 million ) net in 9999 . 
new UNKNOWN investments inc. said it closed the acquisition of UNKNOWN glass co. from UNKNOWN co. , a UNKNOWN , ill. , maker of UNKNOWN home products . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN , a maker of glass UNKNOWN for the cosmetics and UNKNOWN industries , had sales last year of about $ 99 million . 
new UNKNOWN investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry . 
ralph brown was 99,999 feet over minnesota when both UNKNOWN on his falcon 99 UNKNOWN out . 
at 99,999 feet , he says , he and his UNKNOWN `` were looking for an interstate or a UNKNOWN '' to land . 
at 99,999 feet , the engines UNKNOWN . 
but knowing that UNKNOWN would probably ground him for repairs , mr. brown UNKNOWN his stop in nearby chicago and set course to get his load -- a few hundred UNKNOWN -- to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on time . 
had he been a little less UNKNOWN , `` i 'd have gotten the thing on the ground and headed for the UNKNOWN bar , '' mr. brown says . 
but he UNKNOWN for federal express corp. , perhaps the UNKNOWN thing in corporate america to the green UNKNOWN . 
federal 's employees work long hours and seem to UNKNOWN on the stress of racing the UNKNOWN . 
like mr. brown , they sometimes go to surprising UNKNOWN to meet that UNKNOWN corporate goal : UNKNOWN the goods on time . 
they are a UNKNOWN to federal 's management which , since the company 's founding 99 years ago , has had its way with its work force -- an unusual UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN transportation industry . 
that may soon change . 
this month , federal 's 9,999 pilots , including some 999 acquired along with tiger international inc. in february , will decide whether to UNKNOWN the powerful air line pilots association as their bargaining agent . 
the election , which would bring the first major union to federal 's u.s. operations , has UNKNOWN new UNKNOWN against devoted veterans such as mr. brown . 
it has also UNKNOWN federal 's strongly UNKNOWN management , which is already UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN operations and with falling profits . 
`` a union , sooner or later , has to have an UNKNOWN , and it has to have a victory , '' frederick w. smith , federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with UNKNOWN . 
`` in our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . '' 
what managers really fear is that the UNKNOWN movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
under federal transportation law , a government mediator is attempting to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of tiger 's job UNKNOWN into federal 's . 
depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN workers , stock UNKNOWN and flight UNKNOWN . 
these groups constitute up to 99 % of its work force . 
`` unions would have a UNKNOWN effect on the whole culture of the company , '' says bernard la UNKNOWN , a professor at ohio state university at columbus and a federal consultant . 
that culture , carefully UNKNOWN by mr. smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions . 
since founding the company , the UNKNOWN vietnam UNKNOWN , who is still only 99 years old , has UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN of combat . 
flights are `` UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. smith 's managers have , at times , been called `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's guerrillas . '' 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN award , the navy UNKNOWN for a `` job well done , '' is UNKNOWN on federal 's workers who UNKNOWN the call of duty . 
competitors are known as the `` UNKNOWN . '' 
to UNKNOWN employees ' UNKNOWN , mr. smith pays well . 
he also UNKNOWN workers UNKNOWN steam through an elaborate UNKNOWN procedure and , as a UNKNOWN , fly free in empty UNKNOWN seats . 
he gives UNKNOWN talks in periodic `` family UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN internationally on `` UNKNOWN , '' the company 's own television network . 
and , with many of his 99,999 workers , mr. smith 's UNKNOWN attitude has caught on . 
james cleveland , a UNKNOWN who earned a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for figuring out how to get a major customer 's UNKNOWN load to its UNKNOWN by 9 a.m. , considers himself far more than a UNKNOWN . 
`` we do n't just hand the customer the package . 
that 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
`` in UNKNOWN , we run the show . '' 
david UNKNOWN , a longtime pilot , UNKNOWN at the mere suggestion that a union might UNKNOWN with his flight schedule . 
`` this is america , '' he says . 
`` nobody has the right to tell me how much i can work . '' 
such attitudes have given federal flexibility , not only to rapidly UNKNOWN new technology but to keep its work force UNKNOWN lean . 
the company UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit . 
but though UNKNOWN work as many as 99 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum UNKNOWN . 
pilots , as well , routinely fly overtime to ensure that none are UNKNOWN during seasonal UNKNOWN . 
the operational freedom has also given federal a leg up on archrival united parcel service inc. , the nation 's largest employer of united UNKNOWN of teamsters members . 
ups wo n't discuss its labor practices , but , according to mr. cleveland , a former ups employee , and others , union work rules prohibit ups drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans . 
because ups drivers are n't permitted to load their own vehicles at the UNKNOWN , say these UNKNOWN , packages often get buried in the load and are delivered late . 
labor problems are the last thing mr. smith needs right now . 
although the tiger acquisition has brought federal a long way toward becoming the global player it wants to be , it also has brought problems . 
it more than doubled federal 's long-term debt to $ 9.9 billion , UNKNOWN the company into unknown territory -- heavy cargo -- and suddenly expanded its landing rights to 99 countries from four . 
federal , on its own , had n't been doing very well overseas . 
it had UNKNOWN in its attempt to get into asia , where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes UNKNOWN on certain routes . 
on routes to south america , the company had no backup UNKNOWN to ensure delivery when planes were UNKNOWN . 
in europe , business suffered as federal bought several local companies , only to have the managers quit . 
these and other problems squeezed federal 's profit margins last year to 9 % , down from more than 99 % annually in the first half of the decade . 
earnings have plummeted , too , in each of the past three quarters . 
in the fiscal first period ended aug. 99 , profit fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , mostly because of the tiger merger , federal says . 
federal 's stock price , however , has held up well , driven in part by the general UNKNOWN of airline stocks , analysts say . 
since trading as low as $ 99.99 a share in may , federal 's shares have rallied as high as $ 99.99 in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
they closed friday at $ 99.99 , down 99 cents on the day . 
there 's a certain irony in the fact that federal express faces its first union problems as a result of its tiger purchase . 
tiger itself was founded by a band of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who had UNKNOWN supplies `` over the UNKNOWN '' from india to china during world war ii . 
in the early 9999s , mr. smith UNKNOWN his fledgling company on tiger 's UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN operations . 
but from early on , tiger 's workers UNKNOWN , while federal 's never have . 
federal express officials acknowledge mistakes in their drive overseas but say it will pay off eventually . 
analysts expect federal 's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending feb. 99 , when the company should begin benefiting from tiger 's extra flights , UNKNOWN planes and landing rights . 
until then , they expect the cost of UNKNOWN the two carriers to continue UNKNOWN profits . 
for now , the union issue is the most UNKNOWN of federal 's tiger problems , management believes . 
although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers , mr. smith does n't UNKNOWN what he considers UNKNOWN . 
when a large group of pilots once signed UNKNOWN opposing UNKNOWN and compensation changes , he called a meeting in a company UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN them down for challenging his authority . 
he then made most of the changes , pilots say . 
that sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of tiger . 
its 9,999 workers , who had battled tiger 's management for years over UNKNOWN , were union members until the day of the merger , when most of their unions were automatically UNKNOWN . 
soon after the merger , moreover , federal 's management asked tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice . 
when the pilots refused , the company UNKNOWN it . 
mr. smith angered federal 's pilots , too . 
in his UNKNOWN to seal the deal with tiger chairman saul steinberg last august , mr. smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any UNKNOWN acquired in future mergers would be `` UNKNOWN '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that UNKNOWN work schedules , pay and career options . 
the tiger merger agreement UNKNOWN that the lists be combined on the basis of tenure . 
mr. smith is trying hard to UNKNOWN the anger . 
and even some UNKNOWN pilots say his UNKNOWN and popularity among the many former military UNKNOWN could be tough to beat . 
`` a lot of people are UNKNOWN a vote for UNKNOWN as a vote against UNKNOWN smith , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN pilot and union activist . 
mr. smith and other top federal executives have met with tiger workers in los angeles , ohio , new york , alaska , asia and europe . 
recently , they have appeared every few weeks in UNKNOWN type UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN arguments . 
in one video , mr. smith defended his agreement to merge the UNKNOWN lists . 
he said mr. steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly . 
regulators , as well , might have UNKNOWN the deal if tiger 's pilots had n't been protected , he said . 
furthermore , mr. smith added , `` our contract with our pilots says that we will manage our fleet operations with their advice . 
it does n't give any particular group the ability to veto change . '' 
already , the fight has been costly . 
the UNKNOWN controversy , along with the UNKNOWN dispute , has been turned over to the mediator . 
meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is UNKNOWN federal `` a big number , '' says james UNKNOWN , executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
the issue has also cost federal management a lot of good will among its old pilots . 
`` they were willing to UNKNOWN us because we had n't shown any UNKNOWN , any resistance , '' says william UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN pilot and 99-year federal veteran . 
adds john UNKNOWN , a 999 UNKNOWN and past chairman of the UNKNOWN flight advisory board : `` they 've made all these UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to the flying tiger pilots , and for us , nothing . '' 
such UNKNOWN could prove UNKNOWN in the union vote . 
a large majority of the 999 former tiger UNKNOWN support the union , according to a union study . 
but though most of the 9,999 federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to mr. smith has been eroded . 
the fight has turned UNKNOWN and , among pilots at least , has shattered the UNKNOWN de corps that mr. smith worked so hard to build . 
UNKNOWN pilots have held UNKNOWN parties . 
some younger pilots say they have had to endure UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by senior pilots while flying across the country . 
and for now , at least , the competition is n't the only UNKNOWN . 
barney UNKNOWN , a 999 UNKNOWN and leader of the UNKNOWN forces , said he has received two UNKNOWN death threats and been UNKNOWN to a fight with tire UNKNOWN by a UNKNOWN . 
`` the pilots are either for us or extremely against us , '' he says with a UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN corp. said it obtained a $ 99.9 million export order for UNKNOWN recovery vehicles and related support equipment . 
UNKNOWN declined to say what country placed the order . 
the company said it received an order for 99 of the vehicles , which UNKNOWN tanks and other UNKNOWN vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 99 more . 
delivery is to begin in early 9999 . 
UNKNOWN produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets . 
the senate convicted u.s. district judge alcee hastings of florida of eight impeachment articles , UNKNOWN the 99-year-old judge from his $ UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN job . 
mr. hastings 's case was particularly UNKNOWN because it marked the first time a federal official was UNKNOWN and removed from office on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
in 9999 , mr. hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 999,999 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the senate convicted him . 
he was only the sixth federal judge ever ousted from office after an impeachment trial . 
with no floor debate , the senate on friday voted 99-99 to UNKNOWN mr. hastings of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to accept a bribe , five votes more than needed . 
conviction on any single impeachment article was enough to remove judge hastings from office . 
he was found not guilty of three charges , involving accusations that he had improperly disclosed information about a sensitive , government investigation . 
the senate did n't vote on six lesser charges . 
although mr. hastings had been acquitted by a jury , lawmakers handling the prosecution in congress had argued that the purpose of impeachment is n't to punish an individual . 
instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have UNKNOWN their positions of trust , UNKNOWN of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases . 
mr. hastings faced the senators and sat UNKNOWN during the first two UNKNOWN votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
in an UNKNOWN news conference on the capitol steps , he UNKNOWN the senators ' action . 
`` their opinion is UNKNOWN of the wisdom of the UNKNOWN ' teaching regarding impeachment , '' mr. hastings said . 
for the future , he said he would run for governor of florida . 
mr. hastings was appointed to the federal bench by president carter in 9999 and was one of the few black federal judges in the country . 
while he packed the senate gallery with his supporters during some of the impeachment trial , most civil rights groups kept their distance from his case . 
following the impeachment conviction , dr. benjamin UNKNOWN , executive director of the national association for the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN people , issued a UNKNOWN statement , warning that the hastings case could set a `` dangerous UNKNOWN , '' but adding , `` we must respect the considered judgment of the senate . 
when last we left him , fbi agent UNKNOWN mancuso had solved a murder mystery , UNKNOWN a washington political scandal , and UNKNOWN up some pretty good ratings numbers in the UNKNOWN `` favorite son . '' 
what next for the UNKNOWN fbi agent with the heart of gold ? 
a spinoff series , of course . 
there are plenty of worse UNKNOWN for shows -- and most of them had already made the fall lineup : 
a UNKNOWN raising some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN mother raising some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN models . 
a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN suits UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in that context , robert UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN performance as the UNKNOWN -- even UNKNOWN -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most . 
week by week on `` mancuso fbi '' ( nbc , UNKNOWN , 99 p.m . UNKNOWN ) , he UNKNOWN around the crime UNKNOWN of the rich , famous and powerful of the washington scene -- a loose UNKNOWN on deck at the fbi . 
over the first few weeks , `` mancuso fbi '' has UNKNOWN straight from the UNKNOWN , which is either a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN , or a lack of UNKNOWN , or both . 
the opening show featured a secretary of defense UNKNOWN accused of UNKNOWN ( a la john tower ) . 
when his secretary is found UNKNOWN dead in the UNKNOWN 's pool , mancuso is called in to investigate . 
last week , a young black girl claimed she had been UNKNOWN by a white police officer ( a la UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) . 
in this week 's show , there 's an UNKNOWN nuclear UNKNOWN facility ( a la UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) . 
along the way , we 're introduced to the supporting cast : a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN secretary ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- her real name , honest ) , a UNKNOWN young boss ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) , another blonde UNKNOWN who 's also an UNKNOWN lawyer ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) , and a UNKNOWN expert ( charles UNKNOWN ) . 
if all of this seems a little UNKNOWN , it 's redeemed in part by some tricky plot UNKNOWN : 
the usual suspects are found to be guilty , then not guilty , then guilty -- but of a different crime . 
( in last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest UNKNOWN are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of mancuso . 
what makes the veteran fbi man so UNKNOWN is his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 9999s . 
he was n't protecting the freedom UNKNOWN ; he was UNKNOWN them as UNKNOWN . 
this is not the `` mississippi burning '' scenario that UNKNOWN his young colleagues : `` UNKNOWN , you 've been reading classic UNKNOWN too long , '' mancuso says . 
`` back in 9999 , the fbi had five black agents . 
three were UNKNOWN for j. edgar UNKNOWN , and two UNKNOWN his house . '' 
at the core of mr. UNKNOWN 's mancuso is his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he describes a reporter as `` miss first amendment . '' 
he describes a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as `` UNKNOWN williams . '' 
and when he 's told `` try a little UNKNOWN , '' he UNKNOWN back `` i 'm going home to try a little UNKNOWN . '' 
yet for all his UNKNOWN , he 's at heart a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN with a secret crush on truth , justice and the american way . 
he 's the kind of guy who UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
if `` mancuso fbi '' has an UNKNOWN central character , it also has a major UNKNOWN : 
it 's wildly UNKNOWN . 
executive producers steve UNKNOWN and jeff UNKNOWN ( and writer / producers UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and steve UNKNOWN ) have UNKNOWN this show up to the breaking point . 
to start , there 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , `` what if the press gets a hold of this ? '' 
at least once an UNKNOWN we see UNKNOWN UNKNOWN around UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
at least once mancuso 's boss UNKNOWN `` in here -- now , '' and proceeds to dress his UNKNOWN down : 
`` you are a UNKNOWN ... a UNKNOWN in a $ 99 suit ... 
one more word and you are out on a park bench , UNKNOWN . '' 
finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still UNKNOWN : `` i find myself explaining anything to teddy kennedy , you 'll be UNKNOWN stolen cars in UNKNOWN . '' 
in fact , throughout `` mancuso fbi , '' we do n't get words or lines -- we get UNKNOWN . 
witnesses UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN : `` ... a dream that the planet could be saved from itself and from the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who try to UNKNOWN down every decent man who raises his voice . '' 
and mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his UNKNOWN : `` how the hell can you live with UNKNOWN ? '' he UNKNOWN at a UNKNOWN . 
`` you twist people 's trust . 
you built your career on UNKNOWN and hate . 
the UNKNOWN will be here years after the polls close . '' 
in each show , mancuso gets to UNKNOWN similar UNKNOWN : 
`` where the hell are they UNKNOWN UNKNOWN live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ? 
you 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against UNKNOWN . '' 
and , at least once a show , someone UNKNOWN the line `` get off that UNKNOWN . '' 
now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . 
they have a series with a good character , some interesting , even occasionally surprising plot lines , and they 're UNKNOWN it . 
why , when a key witness disappears , does mancuso trash her apartment , UNKNOWN down UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN walls ? 
it 's a UNKNOWN and totally inappropriate reaction , all to add more UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN that 's already UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN . 
that 's not plot . 
that 's not character . 
that 's UNKNOWN . 
there is a scene at the end of the first week 's show where mancuso UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN to his dead partner david . 
asked to say a few words , he UNKNOWN out his UNKNOWN piece of paper and tries to talk , but he 's too UNKNOWN up to get the words out . 
he UNKNOWN on the piece of paper in frustration , then turns and walks away . 
it was a UNKNOWN moving moment for series television , and robert UNKNOWN 's acting UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . 
there 's a pretty good program inside all the noise of `` mancuso fbi . '' 
if the show 's UNKNOWN could just let themselves be quiet for a little , they might just hear it . 
with a twist of the UNKNOWN boys with tops , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN types with UNKNOWN in their UNKNOWN , have a goal in common , all of them try to put the right spin on it . 
-- george o. UNKNOWN . 
net gain 
investment letters now UNKNOWN , i really like to read them ; if i UNKNOWN enough , i 've found i 've no time left to UNKNOWN them ! 
-- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 
tv UNKNOWN : UNKNOWN . 
-- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN may . 
texaco inc. has purchased an UNKNOWN company in texas for $ 999.9 million , its first major acquisition since its legal UNKNOWN with pennzoil co. began more than four years ago . 
the white UNKNOWN , n.y. , oil company said friday that it had acquired tana production corp. , a subsidiary of UNKNOWN energy holdings inc. , for $ 99.9 million in cash , with the rest to be paid in shares of a new , UNKNOWN issue of preferred stock . 
tana , which holds properties in 99 oil and gas fields in south texas , will provide texaco with mostly gas reserves . 
the fields contain UNKNOWN reserves of 999 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil . 
`` this acquisition is another indication of texaco 's commitment to increase the company 's reserve base , '' said chief executive officer james w. UNKNOWN . 
texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties . 
at least two years ago , the company put 99 million barrels of oil reserves on the block . 
they were either too small or UNKNOWN to maintain , the company said . 
not all of those UNKNOWN have yet been sold . 
texaco acquired tana before it completed those sales because tana 's properties are high quality and near other fields texaco already owns , a company spokeswoman said . 
texaco , like many other oil companies , has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves . 
texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its UNKNOWN with pennzoil and then on new york investor carl c. icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
pennzoil had sued texaco for improperly UNKNOWN with its acquisition of a portion of UNKNOWN oil co . 
eventually , texaco , which was forced into bankruptcy proceedings by that litigation , settled its fight with pennzoil for $ 9 billion in 9999 . 
mr. icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in texaco just last summer . 
completion of texaco 's acquisition of tana is subject to government approval under the UNKNOWN antitrust improvements act . 
UNKNOWN inc. said it reduced the estimated cash distribution for its capital housing and mortgage partners inc. trust to between 99 cents and 99 cents a share , from between 99 cents and 99 cents , for the year ending june 9 , 9999 . 
the change in expected cash UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN real estate investment trust stems from a revised estimate of administrative costs , said jay r. cohen , UNKNOWN executive vice president . 
UNKNOWN , which sponsors UNKNOWN , is a world-wide real estate investment firm . 
h&r block inc. had net income of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the fiscal year ended april 99 . 
the figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying friday 's heard on the street column . 
your oct. 9 article on daniel UNKNOWN cited the UNKNOWN `` a good name is better than great UNKNOWN '' as being from UNKNOWN ' `` don UNKNOWN . '' 
actually , UNKNOWN borrowed that UNKNOWN from a writer of some 99 UNKNOWN earlier : israel 's king UNKNOWN wrote those words in the book of UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN ) . 
michael e. hill 
japan had an UNKNOWN trade surplus of $ 9.99 billion for the first 99 days of october , down from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier , the finance ministry said . 
the latest drop shows the narrowing in the nation 's trade gap reflected in UNKNOWN full monthly reports is continuing . 
the report follows UNKNOWN declines in full monthly figures . 
imports rose sharply in the period , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier , a change of 99 % . 
exports during the period were $ 9.99 billion , 9.9 % below $ 9.99 billion a year ago . 
UNKNOWN ag 's chairman said the belgian insurer is prepared to give up some of its independence to a white knight if necessary to UNKNOWN a raider . 
amid heavy buying of shares in UNKNOWN 's largest insurer , UNKNOWN lippens also warned in an interview that a white knight , in buying out a raider , could leave speculators with big losses on their ag stock . 
since the beginning of the year , the stock has nearly doubled , giving ag a market value of about 999 billion belgian francs ( $ 9.9 billion ) . 
the most likely white knight would be societe generale de UNKNOWN s.a. , which already owns 99 % of ag and which itself is controlled by cie . financiere de suez , the UNKNOWN french financial conglomerate . 
but mr. lippens said a rescue also could involve UNKNOWN mutual life insurance co. , which owns 9 % of ag . 
ag is hardly alone in its anxiety . 
a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is quickly UNKNOWN europe 's UNKNOWN insurance business . 
worried by european community UNKNOWN that will remove many of the barriers to UNKNOWN insurance services , starting in mid-9999 , insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars . 
in west germany and the netherlands , insurers are UNKNOWN with banks . 
in france , suez and UNKNOWN assurances s.a. both have been on the UNKNOWN for giant acquisitions ; suez last month acquired control of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN european insurance company , after a takeover battle with cie . UNKNOWN . 
mr. lippens said the volume of shares changing hands has grown significantly since UNKNOWN . 
but he estimated that a raider would have been able to UNKNOWN no more than 9 % of the shares in recent months . 
aside from exploring plans for joint ventures or acquisitions , mr. lippens has called top managers of companies rumored as potential raiders -- among them , UNKNOWN , union des assurances de paris and suez , all based in france . 
they have all `` very clearly stated that they have not acquired and are not acquiring shares of ag , '' he said . 
any raider would find it hard to crack ag 's UNKNOWN . 
a `` syndicate '' of shareholders holds just under 99 % of ag , mr. lippens said , and members have agreed to give one another the right of first UNKNOWN should they sell any ag shares . 
aside from generale de UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , the syndicate includes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a belgian savings bank , and various family interests . 
a generale spokesman confirmed that the giant belgian holding company would be willing to raise its stake in ag should a raider seek control . 
UNKNOWN officials could n't be reached for comment . 
even without bid talk , this year 's surge in prices for brussels real estate has UNKNOWN interest in ag . 
the company says those holdings constitute the UNKNOWN real-estate portfolio in UNKNOWN . 
with the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in panama , one of the many UNKNOWN questions the bush administration will UNKNOWN is this : is the national security council staff big enough , and does it have enough UNKNOWN , to do its job of UNKNOWN foreign policy ? 
president bush 's national security adviser , UNKNOWN gen. UNKNOWN scowcroft , came into office in january intent on making the nsc staff UNKNOWN and more disciplined than it had been during the reagan administration . 
gen. scowcroft was a member of the tower commission , which UNKNOWN the iran-contra affair . 
he was all too aware of how a large , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN nsc staff had UNKNOWN out of control and nearly UNKNOWN president reagan 's second term . 
so , following both the style he pursued as president ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the tower commission , gen. scowcroft has UNKNOWN the nsc staff and tried to ensure that it UNKNOWN to its assigned tasks -- UNKNOWN , gathering the views of the state department , pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in UNKNOWN that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out . 
the tower commission specifically said that the nsc staff should be `` small '' and warned against letting `` energetic UNKNOWN '' like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN oliver north strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the state department , pentagon or central intelligence agency . 
however , the panama UNKNOWN has raised questions about whether the nsc staff is UNKNOWN big , diverse and powerful to coordinate u.s. policy on tough issues . 
during the coup attempt and its aftermath , nsc staffers were `` stretched very thin , '' says one senior administration official . 
`` it 's a very small shop . '' 
gen. scowcroft does n't plan to increase the staff right now , but is UNKNOWN that possibility , the official adds . 
the nsc staff `` does n't have the UNKNOWN that i believe is required to have an effective UNKNOWN process , '' says frank UNKNOWN , a former pentagon aide who now runs the center for security policy , a conservative washington UNKNOWN . 
`` the problem with this administration , i think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a UNKNOWN sense , the role of the nsc . '' 
the national security council itself was established in 9999 because policy makers UNKNOWN a need , in an increasingly complex world , for a formal system within the white house to make sure that communications UNKNOWN smoothly between the president and the state department , pentagon and intelligence agencies . 
by law , the council includes the president , vice president and UNKNOWN of state and defense . 
in practice , the director of central intelligence and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff also serve as UNKNOWN members . 
but the size , shape and role of the nsc staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
that task is one of washington 's UNKNOWN problems . 
in the bush white house , the size of the nsc 's staff of professional officers is down to about 99 from about 99 in 9999 , administration officials say . 
administration officials insist that the size of the staff was n't a problem during the panama crisis . 
but one clear problem during the coup attempt was that the nsc UNKNOWN most experienced in latin america , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was gone . 
he had just resigned , at least in part because of a UNKNOWN with assistant secretary of state bernard UNKNOWN over the administration 's policy on panama and support for nicaragua 's contra rebels . 
the absence of mr. UNKNOWN underscored the possible UNKNOWN of the current nsc staff . 
both gen. scowcroft and his deputy , robert gates , are experts in u.s.-soviet affairs . 
gen. scowcroft is particularly UNKNOWN in arms control , and mr. gates has spent years studying soviet politics and society . 
both have become UNKNOWN of president bush . 
but neither has an extensive background in latin america , the middle east or asia . 
in those areas , the role of nsc staffers under them therefore have become more important . 
gen. scowcroft knows as well as anyone that one of the biggest UNKNOWN he faces is that nsc staffers working in relative UNKNOWN will take over UNKNOWN and operational tasks that are best left to bigger and more experienced state department and pentagon bureaus . 
but just as every previous nsc adviser has , gen. scowcroft now will have to UNKNOWN at what point the nsc staff becomes too lean and too UNKNOWN . 
japan 's wholesale prices in the first 99 days of october fell 9.9 % from the previous 99 days but rose 9.9 % from a year ago , the bank of japan said . 
the wholesale price index stood at 99.9 ( 9999 UNKNOWN 999 ) . 
a former sperry corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping UNKNOWN $ 999,999 to a UNKNOWN navy acquisition official during the early 9999s . 
frank lavelle , who at the time was the marketing director for sperry in UNKNOWN , fla. , admitted participating in a scheme to bribe UNKNOWN tomlin , the navy official . 
mr. tomlin , who left the navy in 9999 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and UNKNOWN charges . 
the bribery scheme took place between 9999 and 9999 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with mr. lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in UNKNOWN , va . 
sperry merged with UNKNOWN corp. to become unisys corp. in late 9999 . 
court documents filed by prosecutors indicate mr. tomlin tried to UNKNOWN to sperry a UNKNOWN dollar contract to UNKNOWN maintenance of certain navy electronics UNKNOWN . 
mr. tomlin , among other things , illegally provided mr. lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said . 
sperry ultimately was eliminated from the competition without receiving the work . 
documents filed by prosecutors also indicate that mr. lavelle and his fellow UNKNOWN requested and obtained `` approval of the scheme '' from UNKNOWN sperry officials `` because the payment which { UNKNOWN . } tomlin requested was so large . '' 
charles UNKNOWN , a former unisys vice president , and james neal , a former company consultant , have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes . 
unisys has said that all of the company officials who UNKNOWN in improper activities have left the company . 
mr. lavelle faces a maximum of 99 years in jail and a $ 999,999 fine . 
the new york stock exchange said a seat was sold for $ 999,999 , unchanged from the sale thursday . 
seats are quoted at $ 999,999 bid and $ 999,999 asked . 
bureaucrats may deserve their bad reputation , after all . 
UNKNOWN lesko , something of a professional UNKNOWN of government , thought he had a UNKNOWN winner last summer when he offered $ 9,999 for the best `` UNKNOWN story of 999 words or less about how a government UNKNOWN helped you . '' 
he sent out thousands of news releases from his UNKNOWN , md. , office . 
he UNKNOWN the contest on larry king 's radio show , on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's television show and on the UNKNOWN cable television network . 
he talked about it in every speech he made as he UNKNOWN the country promoting his books , which UNKNOWN handy UNKNOWN advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
mr. lesko figured he would be UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN by now . 
after all , he says , `` we 've got like 99 million bureaucrats . '' 
and in addition to the $ 9,999 , he has promised the winner a `` my favorite UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN and offered each of two UNKNOWN $ 999 . 
so far , though , mr. lesko has received only one entry . 
to make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another UNKNOWN : a woman from the new york state department of UNKNOWN and finance who UNKNOWN her boss . 
mr. lesko , who is making the rules as he goes , has determined that bureaucrats are eligible for nomination by other bureaucrats . 
but he says he would prefer to get UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN folks . 
he admits that he has n't had much luck generating free publicity for his contest . 
newspapers , including this one , have generally ignored his news releases . 
talk show UNKNOWN quickly change the topic . 
but mr. lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon UNKNOWN the contest . 
`` is the government not helping anybody ? '' asks UNKNOWN murray , an assistant to mr. lesko . 
mr. lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation . 
`` people hate to write , '' he says . 
`` maybe people do n't believe i want to give this money away . '' 
maybe americans are just so annoyed with government that they are n't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while . 
if he sponsored a contest on how a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN something , mr. lesko admits , `` i 'd get 9,999 UNKNOWN . '' 
now there 's an idea . 
ford motor co. and saab-scania ab of sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance after ford officials concluded that the cost to UNKNOWN saab 's car operations would UNKNOWN the likely return . 
with the collapse of the talks friday , european analysts expect ford to intensify its pursuit of british luxury car maker jaguar plc , which is scrambling to fend off a hostile ford bid by negotiating a friendly alliance with ford 's archrival , general motors corp . 
saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business . 
saab said last week it `` has had and will continue to have UNKNOWN with other manufacturers . '' 
among the possible UNKNOWN is italy 's fiat s.p . a , analysts said last week . 
ford and saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement `` that could make long-term business sense to both parties . '' 
individuals close to the ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the no. 9 u.s. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology . 
ford originally had seen a saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the european and u.s. luxury car markets . 
in addition , ford and saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations . 
but the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently did n't go far . 
some european analysts speculated that officials of saab 's highly profitable UNKNOWN truck operation balked at UNKNOWN any of their UNKNOWN . 
meanwhile , ford officials became convinced they could n't expect to recover the investment it would require to make saab 's cars competitive in the increasingly crowded luxury market . 
saab 's problems were underscored friday when the company announced that its car division had a 9.9 billion UNKNOWN ( $ 999.9 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than saab-scania had forecast in its UNKNOWN report last month . 
overall , saab-scania 's pretax profit during the first eight months of the year plunged 99.9 % to 9 billion swedish UNKNOWN ( $ 999.9 million ) from 9.99 billion UNKNOWN ( $ 999.9 million ) a year earlier . 
industry analysts in europe said the most likely suitor for saab now is fiat . 
saab and fiat have worked together in the past , in one case developing jointly a new auto UNKNOWN that became the foundation of saab 's 9999 model , fiat 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN . 
last month , saab-scania chief executive UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said his company has had talks with fiat about a broader alliance . 
but the talks UNKNOWN `` nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , '' he said . 
as for ford , analysts expect the end of the saab play will allow the u.s. auto maker to focus its resources on the UNKNOWN struggle with gm for a stake in jaguar . 
the failure of the saab talks `` makes it even more crucial for { ford } to be UNKNOWN '' in the jaguar contest , said stephen UNKNOWN , european auto industry analyst at UNKNOWN & drew in london . 
ford faces an UNKNOWN fight for jaguar , however . 
jaguar executives said last week they expect to have a friendly alliance with gm UNKNOWN up by the end of the month . 
gm , meanwhile , is UNKNOWN a delegation of members of the british parliament who are UNKNOWN the auto maker 's UNKNOWN operations in detroit . 
a gm spokesman said the visit is n't connected to the jaguar situation . 
but ford clearly views jaguar as a prize worth fighting for , since the company 's UNKNOWN brand image would give ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both europe and the u.s. . 
last week , ford encountered a setback in its effort to UNKNOWN its u.s. luxury offerings when it was forced to UNKNOWN a four-year-old effort to market its UNKNOWN scorpio sedan in the u.s. as a luxury import under the merkur brand name . 
so despite the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , analysts say ford by last friday had boosted its jaguar holding to about 99 % of the luxury auto maker 's shares outstanding from 99.9 % early last week . 
about 9.9 million jaguar shares changed hands in active trading on london 's stock exchange friday , and jaguar shares moved up 99 pence to 999 pence ( $ 99 ) . 
on the u.s. over-the-counter market , jaguar 's american depositary receipts rose 99.9 cents to $ 99.999 . 
UNKNOWN s. UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
the dallas cowboys are looking at a UNKNOWN situation , struggling to pull ahead of the atlanta UNKNOWN . 
up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , UNKNOWN `` jerry '' jones , watches UNKNOWN as the team UNKNOWN up to the UNKNOWN line . 
mr. jones takes heart . 
there in the center of the pack is UNKNOWN UNKNOWN aikman , the key to the cowboys ' comeback strategy . 
so key , in fact , that mr. jones signed him in april for $ 99.9 million over the next six years -- a record for a UNKNOWN . 
`` he 's a genuine UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN mr. jones . 
with three minutes left on the UNKNOWN , mr. aikman takes the UNKNOWN , steps back and fires a UNKNOWN pass -- straight into the hands of an atlanta defensive back . 
the crowd UNKNOWN , mr. jones UNKNOWN his head , the cowboys lose the game . 
a few days after that sept. 99 game , mr. aikman broke a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN him for weeks . 
UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN of professional sports . 
for mr. jones , losing his UNKNOWN temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has UNKNOWN the dallas cowboys -- and , this year , much of the national football league . 
once fat and happy , the cowboys now are losing games , fans and money . 
last year , the team ended up $ 9 million in the red on $ 99 million in revenue . 
it has some of the highest costs in the league . 
its attendance is off 99 % from six years ago . 
at the very least , mr. jones , who UNKNOWN the society circuit as UNKNOWN as his bench , can take comfort in one fact : these days , he is n't alone . 
nearly half the owners of the 99 national football league teams are losing money , the result of flat attendance , aging UNKNOWN and -- more than anything -- UNKNOWN salaries for star players like mr. aikman . 
last year , the top 99 players on each nfl team took home an average $ 999,999 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball . 
UNKNOWN draft picks have done even better : average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 999,999 this year , up 99 % from 9999 . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN circle , '' says art UNKNOWN , owner of the cleveland UNKNOWN . 
`` one team pays so much and the other pays more . 
we just do n't have that kind of income stream . '' 
all this is causing UNKNOWN in professional football . 
owners , largely UNKNOWN in the past , are now almost desperately looking for ways to lower costs and raise revenue -- UNKNOWN some revolutionary ideas in the process . 
though not UNKNOWN , the cowboys ' mr. jones has come to represent this new breed of owner . 
shortly after buying 99 % of the team from UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' bright for $ 999 million , and UNKNOWN of the cowboys ' UNKNOWN bottom line , the 99-year-old mr. jones set about his own round of team cuts . 
first , he UNKNOWN UNKNOWN tom landry , the legendary UNKNOWN who took the cowboys to five UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and 99 consecutive winning seasons . 
in dallas , mr. landry has a standing just shy of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN sentiment UNKNOWN the local press : `` a crude UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' said one writer ; `` a real UNKNOWN , '' said another ; `` who in the hell does he think he is ? '' wrote a third . 
for mr. jones , it was just the beginning . 
he quickly cut the team 's UNKNOWN administrative staff by half , shut down a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN academy and , in july , announced plans to sell valley ranch , the team 's UNKNOWN practice UNKNOWN and the most UNKNOWN training facility in the nfl . 
mr. jones calls the ranch `` the pentagon of UNKNOWN . '' 
it is a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN film rooms , elaborate UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN centers that testify to a UNKNOWN , more UNKNOWN era . 
he likes to tell the UNKNOWN of how he got lost on the UNKNOWN ranch during an early visit , took refuge in an office and called the front desk for help . 
`` i said , ` somebody come get me . 
i 'm at extension 99 . ' '' 
with a new day UNKNOWN on the sport , mr. jones does n't see a place for this sort of luxury . 
`` it 's just not cost efficient , '' he says . 
the place costs nearly $ 9 million a year to maintain . 
when he sells it , he says , the cowboys will move to a more practical -- read affordable -- UNKNOWN practice field near texas stadium . 
and as for tom landry , well , in mr. jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years . 
after posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the cowboys needed a change , he says . 
football has long been mr. jones 's UNKNOWN , both on and off the field . 
an arkansas native , he started at guard on the UNKNOWN 9999 university of arkansas team that won a national championship . 
after college , he worked at his father 's insurance company in little rock , and in 9999 led an UNKNOWN attempt to buy the san diego UNKNOWN . 
years later , with cash from the sale of the insurance company , he founded UNKNOWN production corp. , an oil and gas exploration company based in little rock . 
so it was n't surprising that mr. jones returned to his arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for mr. landry . 
he UNKNOWN UNKNOWN johnson , a UNKNOWN on the 9999 university of arkansas UNKNOWN and the head UNKNOWN at the university of miami , where he led the UNKNOWN to five winning seasons and a national championship in 9999 . 
whatever mr. johnson 's UNKNOWN , in the UNKNOWN and minds of many dallas fans , he is no tom landry . 
seven games ( and , after a loss to the kansas city chiefs yesterday , seven losses ) into the season , the `` new '' cowboys are n't doing any better than the old . 
in fact , the last time they played this badly was in 9999 , their opening season . 
average attendance at their games , about 99,999 last year , continues flat . 
mr. jones is UNKNOWN the problem on several fronts . 
he continues to UNKNOWN the team , trading UNKNOWN running back UNKNOWN walker to the minnesota UNKNOWN this month for a slew of players and future draft picks . 
to try to draw more fans , he has dropped UNKNOWN ticket prices from $ 99 to $ 99 . 
but the general trend , given rising costs in the league , has been to raise prices , and mr. jones is expected to eventually follow suit . 
`` it 's simple , '' says UNKNOWN hunt , who owns the kansas city chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 9.99 to an average $ 99 . 
`` if we did n't increase prices , we 'd be in the red . '' 
mr. jones has also UNKNOWN up his marketing staff to sell the 999 luxury UNKNOWN UNKNOWN texas stadium ( his deal with UNKNOWN bright included operating rights for the stadium ) . 
the UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN , have UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $ 999,999 to $ 9 million , depending on their size and location . 
mr. jones has been taking prospective UNKNOWN owners onto the field during practice to let them UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time . 
the sales job seems to be paying off : when he bought the team , only six of the UNKNOWN had been sold . 
today , 99 have . 
gate receipts are only the cowboys ' second largest source of cash . 
the biggest is the nfl 's contract with national television for broadcast of the league 's games . 
last year , the cowboys ' share of that pie came to $ 99.9 million . 
the team UNKNOWN earns between $ 9 million and $ 9 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
mr. jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights . 
he is also trying to get more stations in mexico , where the cowboys have a following , to pick up the games . 
mr. jones , whose UNKNOWN voice and UNKNOWN ways UNKNOWN an intense businessman who works 99-hour days , is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days . 
he calls the contracts `` critical to winning in the nfl '' and has played his part in the bidding wars . 
besides signing mr. aikman to a sizable contract , mr. jones has agreed to pay UNKNOWN UNKNOWN steve UNKNOWN $ 9.9 million over the next four years . 
this wage inflation is UNKNOWN the nfl dry , the owners contend . 
soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts john j. UNKNOWN jr. , an investment banker with salomon brothers who handled the cowboys sale . 
to tackle the problem , nfl owners have proposed setting a UNKNOWN wage scale to try to rein in salaries . 
details of the plan , which would go into effect in 9999 , are UNKNOWN , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary UNKNOWN to his position and ability . 
bonuses would be paid based on playing time and performance . 
the nfl players association , meanwhile , contends that UNKNOWN are paid a wage UNKNOWN with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries . 
the owners are trying to boost profit in other ways , too . 
many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are UNKNOWN dated stadium contracts . 
most of the owners must pay up to 99 % of gross ticket sales for leases on UNKNOWN they say are either too small or too old . 
in chicago , for example , size is the issue . 
`` we have the worst lease in the nfl , '' contends michael b. UNKNOWN , the president of the chicago bears and a UNKNOWN of george UNKNOWN , who founded the nfl 's predecessor organization . 
`` we 're in a UNKNOWN area with millions of bear fans , and only a small number can be UNKNOWN . '' 
when the lease expires in 9999 , he says , `` it 's got to be changed . '' 
this year , the nfl also imposed an UNKNOWN limit on teams going into training UNKNOWN , down from 999 , in a move meant to trim payroll costs . 
and the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season . 
the current contract pays the nfl $ 9.9 billion . 
owners say they expect the league to demand a 99 % increase , despite the fact that televised football games have had lackluster ratings . 
an nfl spokesman also says the league will probably expand its offerings to cable tv companies like espn . 
the changes have n't come easy . 
like the game of professional football , the nfl organization itself is in turmoil . 
the new breed of team owner , mr. jones included , has been fighting the nfl bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs , and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock . 
in july , 99 nfl owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install jim UNKNOWN as a replacement for retiring league commissioner UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN is perceived by some owners as a UNKNOWN for the old guard . 
earlier this month , another effort to choose a commissioner failed . 
the owners meet again tomorrow . 
for his part , jerry jones says he 's in the business for the long haul , and his work style seems to support that . 
he puts in busy UNKNOWN weeks ( excluding game days ) , and on one recent afternoon UNKNOWN questions , in the course of an hour , from a tv producer , his UNKNOWN marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a UNKNOWN of arkansas reporters . 
to keep his schedule on track , he UNKNOWN two personal UNKNOWN in from little rock to UNKNOWN his staff in dallas . 
`` when i made this investment , i made it on a UNKNOWN basis , '' he explains . 
`` i 'm not here to make money by UNKNOWN the team later on . 
while the cowboys may not be the best investment now , i do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . '' 
besides , to a large extent , mr. jones may already be getting what he wants out of the team , even though it keeps losing . 
owning the cowboys has bought him UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN life that UNKNOWN for oil in arkansas just did n't provide . 
there is the new private jet , the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN to the best parties , and television UNKNOWN on shows such as `` prime time live . '' 
a few weeks ago , mr. jones even UNKNOWN elizabeth taylor in his private UNKNOWN at texas stadium . 
`` you 're in the UNKNOWN seat every day in this job , '' he says . 
how UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of robert goldberg to use the form of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to explain his perception of `` days of rage '' in his television UNKNOWN ( leisure & arts , UNKNOWN 99 ) . 
he UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for her UNKNOWN presentation of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , judging her project as `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
was not the title very clear ? 
one example he gives : `` she did n't ask '' ( why the palestinian children are soldiers throwing stones ) . 
really now , did she have to ask ? 
were not the pictures and UNKNOWN , which have been continuing news UNKNOWN , answers enough ? 
mr. goldberg contends that even as `` UNKNOWN '' the film fails because it UNKNOWN only one view . 
of course the UNKNOWN complain about their treatment ; of course the UNKNOWN feel put upon . 
but his complaint that `` days of rage '' does n't contain balanced comments from UNKNOWN about how badly the UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN . 
it 's like doing a UNKNOWN on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how UNKNOWN white south UNKNOWN are . 
this film did UNKNOWN how long the israeli / palestinian UNKNOWN has existed by UNKNOWN the conflict to the days of world war i when the british tried to guarantee both a jewish state and a palestinian state without UNKNOWN how it was to be done . 
well , `` days of rage '' airing with UNKNOWN packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning . 
every issue is UNKNOWN . 
this film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media . 
now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only . 
UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN . 
charlotte UNKNOWN UNKNOWN island , wash . 
president bush wants the pentagon to get special treatment in UNKNOWN with the across-the-board spending cuts that took effect last week . 
mr. bush asked congress to raise to $ 9 billion from $ 9 billion the amount of money defense secretary dick cheney may shift among the pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the UNKNOWN that the gramm-rudman budget law was intended to UNKNOWN . 
if the request is approved by both the house and senate , mr. cheney would need only permission from the white house office of management and budget to move the money , according to senate budget analysts . 
that would give the pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has . 
`` it 's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs , '' said chairman james UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) of the senate budget committee , who said he would oppose the request . 
`` that is n't UNKNOWN with the kind of discipline that gramm-rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said . 
the president 's request did n't indicate how mr. cheney would shift the money . 
a pentagon official said the request was made to give the department `` maximum flexibility '' to deal with the cuts . 
last week , budget director richard darman structured the $ 99.9 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to `` impose a little bit more discipline '' by UNKNOWN cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget . 
that would give agencies `` less ability ... to UNKNOWN over things , '' he told reporters . 
under the deficit-reduction law , 9.9 % of the pentagon 's money and 9.9 % of other agencies ' money has been canceled . 
lawmakers are expected to try to restore the funds once a pending UNKNOWN measure has been signed into law . 
rochester telephone corp. said it completed its purchase of urban telephone corp. , of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , the second-largest UNKNOWN independent telephone company in that state . 
rochester telephone said the acquisition was made in an exchange of its common shares for all the shares of urban telephone , but a price was n't disclosed . 
urban is the company 's first telephone subsidiary in wisconsin . 
since june , rochester telephone signed letters of intent to purchase three other wisconsin firms . 
a bill that would permit the securities and exchange commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies is facing tough opposition from some wall street firms , which argue that the legislation is UNKNOWN . 
the legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the house telecommunications and finance subcommittee and the senate securities subcommittee . 
richard breeden , the new chairman of the sec , has n't taken a formal position on the bill , which would also require investors to disclose large trades and give the sec additional authority during market UNKNOWN . 
however , he recently told the senate banking committee that he believes the agency should have UNKNOWN authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of UNKNOWN , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans . 
the bridge loans are intended to provide temporary financing for acquisitions . 
since such loans are often UNKNOWN through the sale of high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , the recent woes of the junk-bond market have renewed concerns among regulators about the risks associated with wall street firms issuing bridge loans . 
but some wall street executives argue that such fears are UNKNOWN . 
in a july 9 letter to the senate securities subcommittee , first boston corp. argued that the fact that no retail brokerage firm failed during the 9999 market crash UNKNOWN that current rules are adequate . 
first boston , whose holding company , UNKNOWN first boston group , is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on wall street , said it is also concerned that once the sec has the power to monitor holding companies , it will try to regulate their activities . 
`` the proposal , while UNKNOWN , i think can be UNKNOWN misleading because the likely UNKNOWN would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the sec has exercised for 99 years over the financial UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , '' michael UNKNOWN , managing director of first boston , said in an interview . 
the bill would `` UNKNOWN scarce resources of the commission away from UNKNOWN into areas which simply have no way of affecting UNKNOWN , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
sources in the industry and on capitol hill say a compromise that would UNKNOWN the industry while addressing the sec 's concerns may be possible . 
an aide to the senate securities subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : `` nobody is UNKNOWN to the language in the bill . '' 
edward UNKNOWN , president of the securities industry association , said that the UNKNOWN trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is `` hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the sec 's goals . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN will elaborate on the UNKNOWN 's position in testimony before the house telecommunications and finance subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
this letter was inspired by david UNKNOWN 's sept. 99 UNKNOWN article about UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , `` man in the middle of drug UNKNOWN . '' 
i 've organized a series of exchanges , UNKNOWN and other continuing projects between cuban and american artists . 
in any matters between us and the UNKNOWN there can be no UNKNOWN , consequently i 've become familiar not only with cuban art and artists , but also with cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government . 
despite levels of UNKNOWN , incompetence and UNKNOWN frustration of UNKNOWN proportion , these projects all remain , in my mind , valuable and well worth the effort . 
there is a simple reason for this : the cuban people . 
let me immediately put limits to whatever UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that may intimate . 
those `` people '' to whom i refer are not some UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; they are artists , critics , taxi drivers , UNKNOWN , even some employees of the ministry of culture , all of whom share a deep belief in the original UNKNOWN of the cuban revolution , UNKNOWN out in terms such as UNKNOWN among all members of the society , UNKNOWN for education and creative UNKNOWN , universal rights to health and UNKNOWN , housing , UNKNOWN . 
in fact , the generation of UNKNOWN growing into maturity right now works with such UNKNOWN held UNKNOWN assumptions and such UNKNOWN commitment to moral and ethical UNKNOWN that it makes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's famous UNKNOWN of art , UNKNOWN and revolution seem modest . 
it is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that i am responding to mr. UNKNOWN 's opinions of their country . 
the UNKNOWN trial in july , with its UNKNOWN of deeply UNKNOWN and widespread corruption , and the summary trial and execution , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of cuba . 
however , UNKNOWN though those UNKNOWN may have been , they still provide no excuse for wholesale departures from truth . 
mr. UNKNOWN should make UNKNOWN among UNKNOWN , the army and the cuban people . 
they are not UNKNOWN , since they are motivated to act based on their own circumstances . 
it is UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN a government 's policies with the will of the people ( as we well know ) , and it is even worse UNKNOWN to merge the clearly UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and the military and the state bureaucracy . 
mr. UNKNOWN is also annoyed that mr. UNKNOWN has resisted UNKNOWN with u.s. officials , even though by his own account that UNKNOWN has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the cuban regime , such as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
i think it 's a little UNKNOWN to be surprised that UNKNOWN does n't UNKNOWN the u.s. state department to violate the UNKNOWN of the cuban government over its own territory . 
we badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom . 
without this basic level of attention to reality , our policies on cuba will continue to be as UNKNOWN as they have for 99 years . 
from my own point of view , given the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , creativity and warm spirit in which the cuban people UNKNOWN , we deny ourselves access to things we hold UNKNOWN , and which seem to run in such short supply these days . 
there is no rational UNKNOWN for such behavior . 
UNKNOWN weiss UNKNOWN , mass . 
UNKNOWN inc. recently reported third-quarter earnings , which were UNKNOWN shown in the quarterly earnings surprises table in last tuesday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
UNKNOWN investment research did n't adjust one analyst 's estimate for a stock split , which therefore was UNKNOWN high . 
UNKNOWN 's third-quarter net income of 99 cents a share actually was 9 % higher than the adjusted average of estimates . 
investors UNKNOWN out of new york city bonds in UNKNOWN last week , driving prices lower and boosting yields . 
one bond trader estimated that more than $ 99 million of new york city general obligation bonds were put up for sale friday alone . 
while that represents a small percentage of the city 's public debt outstanding , friday 's selling followed a UNKNOWN effort to UNKNOWN the bonds by a broad UNKNOWN of institutional and individual investors . 
`` i 've never seen so many { new york city } UNKNOWN 's up for sale , '' said another trader . 
`` every broker has blocks of every size and maturity . '' 
municipal bond analysts said the sell-off was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health , rumors of a $ 999 million bond offering coming soon , and political uncertainty . 
a spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the november mayoral election . 
( general obligation bonds are backed by the city 's overall revenues and credit . ) 
although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold . 
the fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that new york 's UNKNOWN problems are more serious than had been expected . 
new york , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 999 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago . 
there have been reports for months that the city 's economy is weakening , as the october 9999 stock market crash continues to make itself felt . 
the recent sharp stock market decline UNKNOWN those concerns . 
meanwhile , tax revenues are falling while the city 's spending needs are expanding . 
rumors UNKNOWN last week that new york 's credit ratings -- single-a from moody 's investors service inc. and UNKNOWN from standard & poor 's corp. -- are at risk . 
the weakness in new york city bonds follows a warning from new york state comptroller edward UNKNOWN that the 9999 crash seriously weakened the city 's economy . 
in a study , the comptroller said , `` the city 's glory days are over . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN warned mayoral candidates `` to be prepared for limited options and UNKNOWN on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the UNKNOWN weakening in the new york city economy . '' 
new york city 's revised financial plan , due out later this month , is expected to include measures to balance the city 's $ 99 billion budget . 
at present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 999 million to $ 999 million for the fiscal year ending june 99 , 9999 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit . 
mark page , new york 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` UNKNOWN given our proven ability to manage ourselves . '' 
he charges the city 's critics with spreading `` UNKNOWN emotional rhetoric . '' 
there are also questions about whether a new and UNKNOWN mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis . 
the leading UNKNOWN for the mayoral office , democrat david dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs . 
and the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election . 
until last week , mr. dinkins was considered a UNKNOWN . 
`` the market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , '' said bernard b. UNKNOWN , chief executive of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market . 
until last week , `` everyone felt certain they knew the outcome of the election . 
now , there have been a number of questions raised . '' 
last week , yields on long-term new york city general obligation bonds jumped half a percentage point . 
new york city 's 9 % bonds due 9999 , for example , were quoted late friday at a price to yield 9.99 % , compared with 9.99 % thursday . 
as the yield on new york general obligation bonds rose , the bond buyer UNKNOWN general obligation index , the mostly widely followed gauge of the tax-exempt market , held steady at 9.99 % in the week ended oct. 99 . 
qintex australia ltd. encountered another setback friday when its los angeles-based affiliate , qintex entertainment inc. , filed for protection under chapter 99 of the u.s. bankruptcy code . 
qintex entertainment also said david evans , its president and chief executive , and roger UNKNOWN , a director , both resigned . 
neither could be reached for comment . 
earlier this month , qintex australia 's $ 9.9 billion agreement to acquire mgm / ua communications co. collapsed because of a dispute over a $ 99 million letter of credit the australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction . 
mr. evans had been the de UNKNOWN head of mgm / ua for months . 
qintex entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its UNKNOWN of the hit UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' said it filed for chapter 99 protection after qintex australia failed to provide it with $ 9.9 million owed to mca inc. in connection with the distribution of `` the new leave it to UNKNOWN show . '' 
qintex entertainment is 99 % owned by qintex australia and said it relies on the australian company for funding its working capital requirements . 
after the announcement of the bankruptcy filing , qintex entertainment stock sank $ 9.999 in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 9.99 on heavy volume of more than 9.9 million shares . 
the stock traded as high as $ 99 this past summer . 
jonathan lloyd , executive vice president and chief financial officer of qintex entertainment , said qintex entertainment was forced to file for protection to avoid going into default under its agreement with mca . 
the $ 9.9 million payment was due oct. 9 and the deadline for default was oct. 99 . 
mr. lloyd said if qintex had UNKNOWN it could have been required to repay $ 99 million in debt under its loan agreements . 
mca on friday said that as a result of qintex 's failure to make the required payment it was UNKNOWN the distribution agreement on `` the new leave it to UNKNOWN '' as well as other mca properties . 
qintex australia was `` saying as recently as last weekend that they would take care of the situation . 
they continued to represent that to the board , '' said mr. lloyd . 
`` we were UNKNOWN they would stand behind the company . '' 
mr. lloyd said both qintex entertainment and qintex australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 9.9 million payment but the request was turned down by an UNKNOWN lender on oct. 99 . 
at that point , he said , qintex australia stated it would `` UNKNOWN to arrange '' the financing . 
however a qintex australia spokesman said his firm had never `` promised or guaranteed '' to make the payment . 
in a prepared statement from australia , the company also said that , following the UNKNOWN of the mgm talks , it `` had been UNKNOWN its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of qintex entertainment '' and had `` resolved to UNKNOWN the degree of further loans to qintex entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
the qintex australia spokesman added that his company had opposed the chapter 99 filing . 
he said the company believed qintex entertainment 's financial problems could have been resolved by other means . 
the report of the bankruptcy filing stunned hollywood executives and investors . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN , '' said joseph di UNKNOWN , chairman of UNKNOWN capital securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment in qintex entertainment . 
qintex australia was `` going to pay more than $ 9 billion for mgm / ua and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 9.9 million . '' 
qintex said mr. evans , the former president , resigned for `` personal reasons '' and that mr. UNKNOWN , an attorney , resigned because his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying mgm / ua was no longer necessary . 
mr. UNKNOWN was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 9999 . 
the announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between qintex australia and mgm / ua might be UNKNOWN . 
it 's understood that mgm / ua recently UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's news corp. , which made two failed bids for the movie studio , to see if the company was still interested . 
however , `` we are n't currently doing anything . 
it is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , '' said barry UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer of the fox inc. unit of news corp . 
financial UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. said it formed a business UNKNOWN service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major UNKNOWN , including japanese , chinese and russian . 
japan 's finance ministry strongly denied playing any role in the new york UNKNOWN free fall . 
UNKNOWN utsumi , vice minister for international affairs , said the ministry did n't in any way suggest to japanese banks that they stay out of the ual corp. leveraged buy-out . 
the ministry has never even suggested that japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general , mr. utsumi said . 
`` there are no facts { behind the UNKNOWN } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview . 
the comments were the ministry 's first detailed public statement on the subject , and reflect the ministry 's concern that foreigners will think japan is using its tremendous financial power to control events in foreign markets . 
a number of accounts of the events leading to the 999 point drop in new york stock prices on oct. 99 accused the ministry of pulling the UNKNOWN on the ual deal for one reason or another . 
mr. utsumi said the most the ministry had ever done was ask japanese banks about `` the status of their participation '' in one previous u.s. leveraged buy-out . 
the ministry UNKNOWN about that deal -- which mr. utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of japanese banks in the deal was `` being strongly criticized in the u.s. congress '' and it was `` necessary for us to UNKNOWN the situation . '' 
he said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation , and he added that none of the japanese banks changed their UNKNOWN on the deal as a result of the inquiry . 
mr. utsumi also said some japanese banks were willing to participate in the ual financing up to the very end , which would suggest at the very least that they were n't under orders to back out . 
in general , mr. utsumi said , japanese banks are becoming more `` independent '' in their approach to overseas deals . 
`` each japanese bank has its own judgment on the profits and risks in that { ual } deal , '' he said . 
`` they are becoming more independent . 
it 's a sound phenomenon . '' 
UNKNOWN bank ltd. is one japanese bank that decided not to participate in the first ual proposal . 
a UNKNOWN bank spokesman denied that the finance ministry played any part in the bank 's decision . 
`` we made our own decision , '' he said . 
still , mr. utsumi may have a hard time convincing market analysts who have UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN believed that the ministry played a role in UNKNOWN recent moves by japanese banks . 
all week there has been much speculation in financial UNKNOWN in tokyo and abroad about the ministry 's real position . 
bank analysts say ministry officials have been growing increasingly concerned during the past few months about japanese banks getting in over their heads . 
`` the { ministry } thinks the banks do n't know what they are doing , that they have very little idea how to cope with risk , '' said one foreign bank analyst who asked not to be identified . 
`` the { ministry } wants to see the japanese banks pull in their UNKNOWN '' on leveraged buy-outs , he added . 
although some of the japanese banks involved in the first proposed bid for ual UNKNOWN out because they found the terms UNKNOWN , observers here say they have a hard time UNKNOWN that commercial considerations were the only reason . 
japanese banks are under `` political pressure '' as well , the analyst said . 
moreover , analysts point out that japanese banks have a reputation for doing deals that are n't extremely profitable if they offer the chance to build market share , cement an important business relationship or curry favor with powerful bureaucrats . 
clearly , some financial authorities are concerned about the japanese banks role in leveraged buy-outs . 
at a news conference this week , bank of japan gov. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cautioned banks to take a `` prudent '' stance regarding highly leveraged deals . 
despite mr. UNKNOWN 's statements , it is the finance ministry , not the central bank , that makes policy decisions . 
while recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out UNKNOWN , japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game . 
despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for japanese banks to increase their presence in the u.s. market , bank analysts say . 
UNKNOWN with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas . 
jumping in on big deals is a high profile way to UNKNOWN the problem of not having a strong UNKNOWN network . 
france 's national tobacco company , known for making UNKNOWN cigarettes such as UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , is UNKNOWN out . 
concerned by UNKNOWN demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic UNKNOWN payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . 
brown tobacco in france is a more UNKNOWN , stronger grade than the UNKNOWN grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so-called UNKNOWN cigarettes . 
`` we are n't philip morris cos. , '' says UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN , chairman of UNKNOWN societe UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN des UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN s.a. , known as seita . 
he says that because seita 's profits are limited by UNKNOWN cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the u.s. concern has done . 
( last year , for example , seita 's net profit soared 999 % to 999.9 million french francs ( $ 99.9 million ) on sales of UNKNOWN 99.99 billion - a 9.9 % profit margin . ) 
instead , he said in an interview , he is looking for ways to exploit france 's network of 99,999 tobacco agents , most of them UNKNOWN . 
while seita does n't own the french UNKNOWN , its close alliance with them offers distribution UNKNOWN . 
one proposal is to introduce a new payment system for parking in paris . 
instead of paying for parking by putting money in the existing machines , which deliver little paper receipts , drivers would be able to buy electronic cards in local tobacco shops . 
once UNKNOWN , the card would sit in the car 's window , showing traffic UNKNOWN how much time the UNKNOWN could remain . 
when the UNKNOWN returned to his car he could turn the card off and , if it showed time remaining , save it for later . 
seita is a partner in the project , which was developed by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN using japanese technology . 
seita and UNKNOWN currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service . 
and seita is considering further diversification . 
it wanted to buy rjr nabisco inc. 's french UNKNOWN subsidiary , UNKNOWN , in hopes of selling its products in tobacco stores , but lost the bidding to food group UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it currently is considering bidding for swedish match co . 
and it retains an interest in acquiring UNKNOWN and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops . 
it also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
UNKNOWN cigarettes such as UNKNOWN now make up just 99 % of the french tobacco market , half the level of about two decades ago . 
while seita retains a manufacturing UNKNOWN in france , it is being hurt by rising imports and from UNKNOWN cigarette demand . 
so seita has introduced blonde cigarettes under the UNKNOWN label , and intends to UNKNOWN the unsuccessful UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in new packaging , similar to the UNKNOWN used by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the aim , says mr. de UNKNOWN , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade UNKNOWN who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying french . 
when the supreme court upheld missouri 's abortion restrictions last july , the UNKNOWN almost certainly did n't have UNKNOWN driving , UNKNOWN and false UNKNOWN on their minds . 
but the 9-9 ruling may have had as much immediate impact on those activities -- especially UNKNOWN -- as on abortion rights . 
the decision , webster vs. UNKNOWN health services , illustrates how supreme court UNKNOWN often have a UNKNOWN effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN . 
in the missouri case , UNKNOWN consequences may have UNKNOWN because the high court UNKNOWN the preamble of the state 's 9999 abortion law . 
the preamble says that human life begins at UNKNOWN and that UNKNOWN children have rights protected by the constitution . 
last year , a federal appeals court in st. louis said the preamble was UNKNOWN , citing an earlier supreme court ruling that states ca n't justify UNKNOWN abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins . 
but the supreme court concluded that it was UNKNOWN to rule on the UNKNOWN of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services . 
the high court majority said it was up to the state courts for now to decide whether the definition has any bearing on other state laws . 
already , local missouri judges have UNKNOWN on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal UNKNOWN charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to UNKNOWN health services , an abortion clinic in st. louis . 
the protesters said their actions were justified by the desire to save the lives of UNKNOWN children . 
under a 9999 missouri law , UNKNOWN accused of some crimes , including UNKNOWN , may offer a defense that their actions were justified `` as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury . '' 
relying on the preamble 's statement that a UNKNOWN is an UNKNOWN child , the two st. louis county circuit court judges in august accepted the UNKNOWN that the abortion clinic protesters were trying to save lives . 
in another case , a UNKNOWN , ann UNKNOWN , was convicted of UNKNOWN before the supreme court 's webster ruling . 
last week , when her appeal was argued before the missouri court of appeals , her lawyer also UNKNOWN on the preamble . 
`` the effect of the supreme court webster opinion is that it left room for UNKNOWN to grow in the cracks of roe vs. wade , and i think this is one of the cracks , '' said mark UNKNOWN , a st. louis lawyer who represented ms. UNKNOWN and the other st. louis protesters . 
roe vs. wade was the supreme court 's 9999 decision that recognized a woman 's right to abortion . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of kansas city lawyers for life , says that if abortion foes succeed in using the preamble to escape prosecution for UNKNOWN , `` this will shut down abortion in missouri . 
there 's no risk to the protesters , and you ca n't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 9,999 people standing outside every day . '' 
that would be an UNKNOWN result of a case in which the supreme court UNKNOWN stopped short of UNKNOWN roe vs. wade . 
in two other cases , the possible consequences of the supreme court ruling appear even more UNKNOWN . 
in one , the lawyer for a 99-year-old resident of columbia , UNKNOWN , who was charged with UNKNOWN driving , argued that his client should be treated as a 99-year-old adult because his actual age should be calculated from UNKNOWN , not from UNKNOWN . 
in missouri , those caught drinking and driving between the UNKNOWN of 99 and 99 may have their licenses revoked for one year , while those 99 or older suffer only a 99-day suspension . 
a UNKNOWN county judge rejected the motion , but daniel UNKNOWN , a jefferson city lawyer , says he has appealed . 
and in a case filed in federal court in august , a lawyer is arguing that missouri authorities are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of a pregnant woman who is in jail for theft and UNKNOWN . 
in terms of sheer UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN regime of UNKNOWN barre may rank as no. 9 in the world . 
the only reason that somalia remains in UNKNOWN is numbers : a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of 9.9 million people spread out over an UNKNOWN nearly the size of texas . 
the barre UNKNOWN simply is limited in the amount of people it can UNKNOWN and kill . 
UNKNOWN small children , UNKNOWN elderly people to death , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN women , and UNKNOWN people alive are just a few of the UNKNOWN activities that the UNKNOWN armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years . 
up to 999,999 UNKNOWN have escaped to the relative safety of UNKNOWN ethiopia because of the behavior of president barre 's troops . 
in the port of UNKNOWN , for example , hundreds of men of the rival UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN up in may 9999 , UNKNOWN , and then taken out at night in groups of five to 99 men to be executed without any judicial process UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN were never used : each man was UNKNOWN to death with a large UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN details are only now emerging from a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN report , based on hundreds of interviews with UNKNOWN selected refugees . 
the study was done by robert UNKNOWN , a consultant to the u.s. state department who has years of experience in investigating UNKNOWN abuses on both sides of the UNKNOWN ideological UNKNOWN . 
what gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the u.s. and the soviet union on the UNKNOWN of africa . 
not since the late 9999s has the UNKNOWN been so up for UNKNOWN as it has suddenly become in just the past few weeks . 
mr. barre 's rule is crumbling fast . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN his armed forces ( really just an armed UNKNOWN ) , which control less than half the country . 
inflation is at record levels . 
desperate , he has called in the UNKNOWN to help fight the rebels of the UNKNOWN national movement in the north , which is only one of several groups picking away at the regime in the capital of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN years old and a UNKNOWN `` scientific socialist , '' president barre has a power base , UNKNOWN only of his minority UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , that according to observers is `` narrowing . '' 
the u.s. 's interest in somalia consists of a single runway at the port of UNKNOWN , which u.s. military aircraft have the right to use for surveillance of the gulf of UNKNOWN and the indian ocean . 
that strip of concrete is backed up by a few UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN where a handful of american UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of sports illustrated -- maintain radio UNKNOWN with the outside world . 
in the past two years , the desert behind them has become a land of mass UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , where , due to mr. barre 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , nobody is any longer in control . 
as long as the rival UNKNOWN regime of mengistu UNKNOWN UNKNOWN held a total gridlock over neighboring ethiopia , the u.s. was forced to accept that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN runway as a UNKNOWN no. 9 to the soviets ' array of UNKNOWN next door . 
but due to dramatic events on the UNKNOWN over the past few days and weeks , those soviet bases may soon be as UNKNOWN and as UNKNOWN as the american runway . 
on sept. 9 , i wrote on these pages about the killing and UNKNOWN of 99,999 UNKNOWN soldiers by UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN guerrillas . 
recently , in UNKNOWN province in the center of ethiopia , UNKNOWN forces have killed , UNKNOWN and captured an additional 99,999 government troops . 
( think what these numbers mean -- considering the UNKNOWN space devoted to hundreds of deaths in lebanon , a small country of little strategic importance ! ) 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are now 999 miles north of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , threatening the town of UNKNOWN , which would cut off mr. mengistu 's capital from the port of UNKNOWN , through which all fuel and other supplies reach UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
as a result , mr. mengistu has been forced to transfer thousands of troops from UNKNOWN just to hold the town , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the loss of even more territory in UNKNOWN only to keep the UNKNOWN at bay . 
mr. mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : half his army is tied down UNKNOWN the northern city of UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN . 
the weaker he gets , the more he turns toward the u.s. for help . 
while the UNKNOWN are communists , like the UNKNOWN they are among the most UNKNOWN guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN mengistu air force . 
what this all means in UNKNOWN is that soviet UNKNOWN in ethiopia is UNKNOWN as fast as president barre 's regime in somalia is . 
the u.s. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in somalia and to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the late 9999s on the UNKNOWN of africa . 
back to somalia : 
the state department , to its credit , has already begun UNKNOWN itself from mr. barre , UNKNOWN by its decision to publish the UNKNOWN report ( which the press has ignored ) . 
what 's more , the u.s. has suspended $ 9.9 million in military aid and $ 9 million in economic aid . 
but this is not enough . 
because the u.s. is still perceived to be tied to mr. barre , when he goes the runway could go too . 
considering how UNKNOWN the security of that runway is anyway , the better option -- both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN -- would be for the bush administration to UNKNOWN the regime publicly , in terms clear enough for all influential UNKNOWN to understand . 
it is a UNKNOWN that mr. barre 's days are UNKNOWN . 
the u.s. should take care , however , that its own position in the country does not go down with him . 
nobody is sure what will come next in somalia or whom the successor might be . 
but as one expert tells me : `` UNKNOWN it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than barre . '' 
while the state department positions itself for the UNKNOWN period in somalia , it should continue to back former president carter 's UNKNOWN role as a mediator between mr. mengistu and the UNKNOWN guerrillas in ethiopia , while UNKNOWN opening up UNKNOWN of communications with the UNKNOWN rebels through neighboring UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN politics are the most sophisticated , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in all of black africa . 
remember that it took mr. mengistu many months , in what became known as the `` UNKNOWN coup , '' to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in 9999 and 9999 . 
there is simply no way to engineer a succession UNKNOWN , as is sometimes possible elsewhere on the UNKNOWN . 
but the u.s. has one great advantage : the soviets are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN throughout ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- UNKNOWN and all . 
it 's not just in eastern europe where the march of events is finally on the u.s. side , but on the UNKNOWN of africa as well . 
the only u.s. liability in the region is what remains of the link to mr. barre , and that should be cut fast . 
mr. UNKNOWN , author of `` UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN : the wars behind the UNKNOWN '' ( UNKNOWN press , 9999 ) , lives in UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN inc. , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , calif. , got an $ 99 million navy contract for UNKNOWN systems . 
general electric co. received a $ 99.9 million air force contract for UNKNOWN nose UNKNOWN . 
goodyear tire & rubber co. was awarded a $ 99.9 million army contract for UNKNOWN parts . 
UNKNOWN sciences corp. was awarded a $ 99.9 million air force contract for technical support . 
UNKNOWN capital inc. said the final UNKNOWN factor was UNKNOWN on its UNKNOWN , $ UNKNOWN tender offer to buy back as many as 9.9 million of its common shares . 
payment will begin `` as soon as oct. 99 , '' the company said . 
UNKNOWN is a developer and manager of UNKNOWN limited partnerships . 
through a separate agreement between peter UNKNOWN , president , and a group of selling shareholders , the company said , mr. UNKNOWN will on oct. 99 buy 999,999 shares from the group , boosting his stake to about 999,999 shares , or 99.9 % of the total after the buy-back . 
canada 's consumer price index rose a seasonally adjusted 9.9 % in september from august , statistics canada , a federal agency , said . 
the rise followed boosts of 9.9 % in august , 9.9 % in july and 9.9 % in june . 
opec 's ability to produce more petroleum than it can sell is beginning to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
output from the organization of petroleum exporting countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out . 
but industry and opec officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to UNKNOWN the market and cause an UNKNOWN collapse a few months from now if opec does n't soon adopt a new quota system to UNKNOWN its chronic UNKNOWN . 
as a result , the effort by some oil ministers to get opec to approve a new permanent UNKNOWN agreement next month is taking on increasing urgency . 
the organization is scheduled to meet in UNKNOWN beginning nov. 99 . 
so far this year , rising demand for opec oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm despite UNKNOWN cheating by others . 
but that could change if demand for opec 's oil UNKNOWN seasonally early next year as some think may happen . 
opec is currently producing more than 99 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , UNKNOWN fourth-quarter ceiling of 99.9 million , according to opec and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the oil daily and the international UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
at that rate , a majority of opec 's 99 members have reached their output limits , they said . 
but it is estimated that at least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of UNKNOWN capacity still exists within opec . 
most is concentrated in five UNKNOWN gulf countries , including his own , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's oil minister , told the conference friday . 
he puts opec 's current capacity at 99 million to 99 million barrels a day . 
that 's higher than some other estimates . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , kuwait 's oil minister , recently estimated opec capacity at 99 million barrels a day . 
either way , the UNKNOWN is big enough to keep UNKNOWN balanced oil markets on edge . 
even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves , such as saudi arabia and UNKNOWN , could upset the market . 
the UNKNOWN oil minister and saudi oil minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act UNKNOWN to maintain a stable market . 
however , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future opec quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member . 
under that approach , countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in opec 's production ceiling than they would under the current system . 
`` if you are already producing at 99 % or 999 % of your capacity , what 's the good to be told you can produce at 999 % of capacity ? '' asked mr. UNKNOWN . 
at an UNKNOWN geneva meeting late last month , opec 's oil ministers UNKNOWN approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling . 
they UNKNOWN it out using the existing formula , however , which meant that even those countries that could n't produce more received higher official UNKNOWN . 
the main effect of the ceiling boost was to `` UNKNOWN '' some of the UNKNOWN already coming from the quota UNKNOWN . 
still , there was a UNKNOWN at geneva . 
previously , no opec member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling . 
but the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity , advanced there in an iranian proposal , was generally endorsed by the ministers . 
in the end politics got in the way . 
UNKNOWN accepted iran 's proposal only so long as it was promised production UNKNOWN with kuwait . 
and the united arab UNKNOWN , a chronic quota UNKNOWN , refused to give any guarantee it would change its ways . 
but the oil ministers continue to study the plan , and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting . 
it 's understood several UNKNOWN already have been worked into the plan . 
the ceiling would be lifted to 99.9 million barrels to provide kuwait and the united arab UNKNOWN much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others . 
UNKNOWN 's previous conditions are no longer considered a problem , although the united arab UNKNOWN is still an issue . 
saudi arabia , opec 's UNKNOWN , also has surfaced as a possible obstacle , some opec sources said . 
insisting on a 99.9 % share of any ceiling , saudi officials have long pressed for the pro UNKNOWN distribution of increases to all members . 
in geneva , however , they supported iran 's proposal because it would have left the saudi percentage of the opec total intact , and increased actual saudi volume to nearly 9.9 million barrels daily from five million . 
some of the proposed modifications since , however , call on saudi arabia to `` give back '' to the UNKNOWN pool a UNKNOWN 99,999 barrels . 
though tiny , that 's a reduction in its share . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the saudi oil minister , UNKNOWN here that the kingdom would insist on maintaining its percentage share of opec production under any quota UNKNOWN . 
`` under any circumstances , saudi arabia should get more '' rather than less , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
in a blow to france 's rafale jet fighter , the french navy for the first time publicly stated its desire to buy 99 mcdonnell douglas corp. f-99 UNKNOWN to defend its aircraft carriers . 
the statement is likely to UNKNOWN the debate within france 's military establishment over the rafale , which is made by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN aviation UNKNOWN . 
in an interview in the navy 's official weekly magazine UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the navy 's UNKNOWN , adm. UNKNOWN goupil , said the navy still intends to buy 99 UNKNOWN as scheduled in the late 9999s and early UNKNOWN century . 
the air force is to take at least 999 more . 
adm. goupil said the navy ca n't wait until 9999 , when the naval rafale becomes available , to replace its UNKNOWN fleet of UNKNOWN crusaders , used since the 9999s to protect carriers from attack . 
rather than UNKNOWN the crusaders , which dassault is proposing to do for around 9.9 billion french francs ( $ 999.9 million ) , adm. goupil said the navy wants to buy used UNKNOWN from the u.s. navy . 
officially , the statement is n't an attack on the rafale . 
adm. goupil said that when the UNKNOWN wear out , the navy is prepared to take UNKNOWN to replace them . 
but UNKNOWN , senior navy officials sharply UNKNOWN the rafale as an air force plane UNKNOWN to carrier use . 
although they never said so publicly , they have made no secret of their preference for the f-99 on operational grounds . 
adm. goupil 's comments are likely to UNKNOWN the broader dispute within the military establishment here over the role of dassault . 
although UNKNOWN , dassault still is run by the founder 's son , chairman UNKNOWN dassault , who has fiercely protected his company 's independence . 
the rafale project is the result of france 's UNKNOWN jointly to develop a plane with other countries , and french officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs . 
so far , mr. dassault has resisted pressure to change . 
what brought the naval issue to a head is that the crusaders are literally falling apart , without any immediate plan to replace them . 
adm. goupil , a former UNKNOWN UNKNOWN leader , said that the last other country to use crusaders , the philippines , retired its last ones two years ago . 
a french UNKNOWN crash a few months ago heightened pressure for new planes here . 
adm. goupil rejected dassault 's proposal to UNKNOWN the crusaders , saying the cost was impossible to estimate . 
even UNKNOWN , he said , the crusaders represent an UNKNOWN and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers france has sent to meet such UNKNOWN as the wars in lebanon and the UNKNOWN gulf . 
defense minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN told a meeting of the UNKNOWN press association that the question of UNKNOWN the crusaders or buying used UNKNOWN is a `` political '' decision that he will make in due time . 
the supreme court ruling UNKNOWN missouri 's UNKNOWN abortion law was webster vs. UNKNOWN health services . 
the UNKNOWN was misstated in friday 's edition . 
spending by average japanese households in august fell an adjusted 9.9 % from a year earlier , the statistics bureau of the prime minister 's office said . 
the bureau cited UNKNOWN in the month that UNKNOWN shopping and leisure opportunities . 
spending by japanese households averaged 999,999 yen ( $ 9,999.99 ) in august . 
in nominal terms it rose 9.9 % from a year earlier before adjustment . 
august adjusted spending by UNKNOWN families was down 9.9 % to 999,999 yen from a year earlier . 
the real income of UNKNOWN families in the month eased 9.9 % to 999,999 yen from the previous year . 
for cathay pacific airways , the smooth ride may be ending . 
the first signs of trouble came last month when the hong kong carrier , a subsidiary of UNKNOWN pacific ltd. , posted a 9 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year . 
securities analysts , many of whom scrapped their buy recommendations after seeing cathay 's interim figures , believe more UNKNOWN lie ahead . 
fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through hong kong remains UNKNOWN by china 's turmoil since the june 9 killings in beijing . 
in addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 99 boeing UNKNOWN that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes . 
and tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline . 
there also is concern that once hong kong UNKNOWN to china 's UNKNOWN in 9999 , cathay will be forced to play second UNKNOWN to china 's UNKNOWN flag carrier , civil aviation administration of china , or UNKNOWN . 
`` the sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , '' says rod eddington , cathay 's commercial director . 
UNKNOWN hall , an analyst at james capel ( far east ) ltd. , says there is n't much cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel , hong kong 's tight labor market , or the strengthening of the local currency , which is pegged to the u.s. dollar . 
these factors are further complicated by the airline 's push to UNKNOWN itself from a regional carrier to an international one , ms. hall says . 
ms. hall expects cathay 's profit to grow around 99 % annually this year and next . 
in 9999 , it earned $ 9.99 billion hong kong ( us$ 999.9 million ) on revenue of UNKNOWN 99.99 billion . 
cathay is taking several steps to bolster business . 
one step is to beef up its fleet . 
in addition to aircraft from boeing co. , cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 99 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the expansion , which could cost as much as us$ 9.9 billion over the next eight years , will expand the fleet to about 99 planes by 9999 , up from 99 at the end of last year , according to sun UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities ltd . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN planes will be used largely to replace cathay 's aging fleet of lockheed UNKNOWN for regional flights , while the boeing aircraft will be used on UNKNOWN routes to europe and north america . 
cathay also is moving some of its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN operations outside hong kong . 
fierce bidding for young employees in hong kong is pushing up cathay 's labor costs by 99 % a year for UNKNOWN staff , while experienced , skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain . 
some jobs already have been moved to australia , and there are plans to place others in canada . 
david bell , a spokesman for the airline , says the move is partly aimed at retaining existing staff who are leaving to secure foreign UNKNOWN ahead of 9999 . 
cathay is working to promote hong kong as a UNKNOWN worth visiting on its own UNKNOWN , rather than just a UNKNOWN . 
although the june 9 killings in beijing have hurt its china flights , cathay 's other routes have retained high load factors . 
mr. eddington UNKNOWN promoting hong kong as an important part of attracting visitors from japan , south korea and taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged . 
there also has been speculation that cathay will be among the major private-sector participants in the hong kong government 's plans to build a new airport , with the carrier possibly investing in its own UNKNOWN . 
cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation . 
mr. eddington sees UNKNOWN with other carriers -- particularly cathay 's recent link with amr corp. 's american airlines -- as an important part of cathay 's strategy . 
but he UNKNOWN that cathay has n't any interest in UNKNOWN equity stakes with the u.s. carrier or with lufthansa , the west german airline with which it has UNKNOWN for about a decade . 
analysts believe cathay is approached for such UNKNOWN by other carriers on a regular basis , particularly as the popularity of share exchanges has grown among european carriers . 
`` we think UNKNOWN are very important , '' mr. eddington says . 
`` but we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's . 
i 'm not sure UNKNOWN would necessarily make things UNKNOWN . '' 
in a pattern it aims to UNKNOWN in several key u.s. UNKNOWN , cathay recently announced plans to serve san francisco by flying into american airlines ' los angeles UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN continuing passengers onto a flight on the u.s. carrier . 
`` we 'll never have a big operation in the u.s. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the pacific , '' mr. eddington says . 
`` but this way , american will coordinate good UNKNOWN to boston , new york , chicago and dallas . 
we 'll coordinate on this end to places like UNKNOWN , singapore and manila . '' 
asian traffic , which currently accounts for 99 % of cathay 's business , is expected to continue as the carrier 's mainstay . 
cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into china to 99 , and it is UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN flights into vietnam . 
further expansion into southern europe is also possible , says mr. bell , the spokesman . 
while a large number of hong kong companies have UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ahead of 9999 , such a move is n't an option for cathay because it would UNKNOWN its landing rights in hong kong . 
and mr. eddington UNKNOWN rules out a move to london : `` our UNKNOWN is hong kong traffic rights . '' 
he says the airline is putting its faith in the UNKNOWN agreement on hong kong 's return to china . 
a special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for hong kong 's airlines , which include the smaller hong kong UNKNOWN airlines , will continue to be negotiated by hong kong 's government . 
but critics UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN officials ultimately will be responsible to beijing . 
`` my feeling is { cathay does n't } have a hope in the long run , '' says an analyst , who declines to be identified . 
`` cathay would love to keep going , but the general sense is they 're going to have to do something . '' 
mr. eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to local changes , but he feels that the UNKNOWN agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
`` we 're confident that it UNKNOWN our route structure , '' he says , `` and our ability to grow and UNKNOWN . 
falcon cable systems co. said it proposed an amendment that would allow it to increase its debt cap to 99 % of the company 's fair market value from the 99 % currently allowed . 
falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ UNKNOWN annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions . 
a spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
friday , october 99 , 9999 
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
prime rate : 99 9\/9 % . 
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks . 
federal funds : 9 9\/9 % high , 9 9\/9 % low , 9 99\/99 % near closing bid , 9 9\/9 % offered . 
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 9 million or more . 
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a . ) inc . 
discount rate : 9 % . 
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank . 
call money : 9 9\/9 % to 99 % . 
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 to 999 days ; 9 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.999 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days . 
commercial paper : high-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 9,999 : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days . 
certificates of deposit : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % two months ; 9 % three months ; 9.99 % six months ; 9.99 % one year . 
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 9 million and more . 
the minimum unit is $ 999,999 . 
typical rates in the secondary market : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % three months ; 9.99 % six months . 
bankers acceptances : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days . 
negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
london late eurodollars : 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % two months ; 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % four months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % five months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % six months . 
london interbank offered rates ( libor ) : 9 9\/9 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/99 % six months ; 9 9\/9 % one year . 
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks . 
foreign prime rates : canada 99.99 % ; germany 9.99 % ; japan 9.999 % ; switzerland 9.99 % ; britain 99 % . 
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 99 , 9999 , auction of short-term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 99,999 to $ 9 million : 9.99 % 99 weeks ; 9.99 % 99 weeks . 
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ) : posted yields on 99-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 UNKNOWN 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.999 % , 9 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) : posted yields on 99 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days ( priced at par ) 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.99 % , 9\/9 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 9.99 % . 
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 99 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
in the UNKNOWN marina neighborhood , life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes UNKNOWN . 
some scenes : -- saturday morning , a resident was given 99 minutes to UNKNOWN into a sagging building and UNKNOWN what she could of her life 's UNKNOWN . 
saturday night she UNKNOWN in an emergency UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN prepared by chefs from one of the city 's UNKNOWN restaurants . 
-- mayor art agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 99th time why the city is severely UNKNOWN access to badly damaged structures . 
a couple in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN suits UNKNOWN by , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in place , UNKNOWN their way along a street of UNKNOWN and fallen houses . 
at a nearby corner , they UNKNOWN UNKNOWN close to a listing apartment house , UNKNOWN to any danger . 
a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN his head in UNKNOWN as he UNKNOWN them away . 
-- a young woman who has been out of town shows up at the marina middle school to learn that her apartment is on the UNKNOWN list . 
she is told she ca n't enter unless she is accompanied by an UNKNOWN . 
she bursts into UNKNOWN and walks away . 
nearby , five temporary residents of the school UNKNOWN sit on UNKNOWN , having their UNKNOWN and backs UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the marina rescue center offered a very san UNKNOWN response to the disaster . 
in addition to free UNKNOWN , there was free counseling , phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club , which offered up its UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and hot UNKNOWN . 
the cafeteria offered donated UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN , and for dinner , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN along with the UNKNOWN . 
`` this has been a UNKNOWN earthquake for me , '' said resident joan UNKNOWN , who works in an UNKNOWN 's office . 
she and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free UNKNOWN classes and `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' -- UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN oils . 
she finds the response of marina residents -- primarily UNKNOWN and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes `` UNKNOWN . 
people have been very UNKNOWN of each other . 
i do n't know if this would have happened somewhere else . '' 
out on the streets , some residents of badly damaged buildings were allowed a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN hunt through their UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's so UNKNOWN to have to decide what 's really important to you , '' said barbara may . 
she went first for personal UNKNOWN . 
in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , her building is a `` red . '' 
after being UNKNOWN , buildings with substantial damage were UNKNOWN . 
green allowed residents to UNKNOWN ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to UNKNOWN everything they could within 99 minutes . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN went about their business with a kind of measured UNKNOWN . 
some UNKNOWN dumped UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN , others threw goods out windows . 
it did n't help that on saturday , after three days of UNKNOWN , it UNKNOWN . 
`` the guys are going for their UNKNOWN , their UNKNOWN , their personal computers , '' said frank UNKNOWN , who helped others empty their apartments . 
`` the women wanted UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a certain UNKNOWN , kind of UNKNOWN things . '' 
he showed an UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN watch that he UNKNOWN for one woman . 
it UNKNOWN to her UNKNOWN . 
some residents UNKNOWN orders and returned to `` red '' buildings to UNKNOWN goods . 
one building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the UNKNOWN to his UNKNOWN , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby . 
a UNKNOWN had to be called in to make her leave ; the UNKNOWN helped carry out one last load . 
enforcement of UNKNOWN rules was sporadic , residents said . 
one man trying to remove his car was told by officials to get out of his UNKNOWN . 
when he UNKNOWN back later to try again , a different UNKNOWN offered to help him get the car out . 
the marina also has become the UNKNOWN point of city efforts to UNKNOWN residents with any UNKNOWN that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake . 
on UNKNOWN along UNKNOWN street , a major marina artery , UNKNOWN were offering a $ 999 reward for a cat lost during the quake . 
the san francisco society for the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN to animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for UNKNOWN animals . 
the UNKNOWN says it has received more than 999 requests for foster homes on behalf of dogs and UNKNOWN , though some people have sought temporary homes for UNKNOWN and fish . 
for example , one UNKNOWN owner returning home found that her apartment , like many others in the marina , did n't have heat . 
`` she can stay there with no heat , but for a UNKNOWN , that can be UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN services manager for the UNKNOWN . 
a warm foster home has been found . 
the neighborhood around alexander UNKNOWN co. 's vermont-slauson shopping center in the watts section of los angeles UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN , deteriorating sections of many inner cities and certainly is n't the sort of area one would choose to visit . 
but turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
only it is safer , and UNKNOWN . 
over the past year there have been only one UNKNOWN , three UNKNOWN of or from autos , no UNKNOWN , and one attempted UNKNOWN in the mall , which opened in late 9999 . 
a shopping center of similar size in an affluent los angeles UNKNOWN would , per year , be expected to have eight UNKNOWN , 99 UNKNOWN of or from autos , and four UNKNOWN . 
the watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 999 per UNKNOWN square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 999 . 
three other UNKNOWN shopping centers in the watts area are doing almost as well . 
a successful UNKNOWN mall in a UNKNOWN area UNKNOWN the more typical inner-city pattern , in which commercial areas are taken over by UNKNOWN youth , gangs , and the criminal element , with an erosion of the customer base , development capital , and UNKNOWN . 
major regional and national chain stores are replaced by UNKNOWN operations offering UNKNOWN merchandise at higher prices . 
along with the exodus of shopping opportunities is an exodus of the jobs that the major chains used to provide to community residents . 
thus there is even more to the vermont-slauson center than a good place to shop . 
this UNKNOWN commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN urban UNKNOWN , evidence that community UNKNOWN is not UNKNOWN and that the gangs are not UNKNOWN . 
the center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment . 
an additional benefit is the creation of jobs . 
this starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers . 
it continues through the life of the center ; the vermont-slauson center has created 999 permanent private-sector jobs at a one-time cost in public funds of only $ 9,999 per job . 
as many of these jobs are filled by local residents , who move from the welfare UNKNOWN to the tax UNKNOWN , the $ UNKNOWN public investment should repay itself in a few years . 
and that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on sales , real estate , licenses and the like . 
profits are also UNKNOWN back into the community ; the non-profit vermont-slauson economic development corp. receives 99 % of the profits from the vermont-slauson center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects . 
bradford UNKNOWN , director of the mayor 's city economic development office , says : `` there is no question that vermont-slauson had a UNKNOWN effect on the surrounding neighborhood . 
what had been a deteriorated area with nothing but UNKNOWN shops and shoe shops is now UNKNOWN a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock , thanks to a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN source of UNKNOWN capital that vermont-slauson yields . '' 
another benefit is that substantial UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN in these centers are minority businessmen and women . 
in the grand boulevard plaza developed by UNKNOWN realty group in chicago 's third ward , opposite the robert taylor homes , 99 % of the stores to date have been UNKNOWN to blacks and 99 % to members of other minority groups . 
children from the community will have UNKNOWN role models than the drug UNKNOWN . 
so what 's the catch ? 
primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers UNKNOWN . 
security costs are also quite high . 
one of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing . 
suburban deals are not without their delays and UNKNOWN -- inner-city deals just have more of them . 
security at a typical UNKNOWN inner-city center is impressive , but UNKNOWN . 
the entire site is UNKNOWN by a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN iron UNKNOWN with a small number of UNKNOWN gates . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN give it a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN appearance . 
UNKNOWN motion detectors and UNKNOWN tv cameras monitor the entire center ; UNKNOWN levels are three to five times the industry standard . 
the security UNKNOWN post , UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN retail space , has its own `` UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN '' above the UNKNOWN of the other buildings , with a UNKNOWN view of the entire center . 
local law enforcement is present in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN space donated by the center . 
these features are also used in UNKNOWN realty group 's grand boulevard plaza . 
UNKNOWN has its own large security force of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN personnel on UNKNOWN duty at each center . 
security is 99 % to 99 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 99 % . 
these security costs are kept UNKNOWN because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as urban development action grants , economic development administration grants , community development block grants , tax-free industrial development bonds , enterprise zone tax write-offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax UNKNOWN financing . 
many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back . 
however , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from UNKNOWN legislation with similar provisions . 
many states already have enterprise zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the UNKNOWN and minorities . 
these programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , UNKNOWN sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it . 
UNKNOWN crime and the fear of it in inner-city commercial areas should give enterprise zones more success than most have enjoyed to date . 
with many suburban areas basically UNKNOWN with shopping centers , inner-city areas may represent a major new UNKNOWN market for investment . 
new approaches to mall design and operation make it possible to UNKNOWN these markets . 
if the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond . 
government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit vermont-slauson and grand boulevard plaza and decide for themselves . 
the answer will be obvious . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a researcher at the justice department 's national institute of justice . 
UNKNOWN industries inc. said that on dec. 99 it will redeem $ 99 million face amount of its $ 99.9 million of 99.999 % subordinated notes outstanding , due june 9 , 9999 . 
for each $ 9,999 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial UNKNOWN and consumer products will pay $ 9,999.99 plus $ 9.99 of interest accrued from dec. 9 . 
the company will notify holders of the notes to be redeemed . 
manufacturers hanover trust co. is redemption agent . 
one company recently was listed on the new york stock exchange , and another will join the big board from the over-the-counter market this week . 
UNKNOWN investment grade municipal trust , boston , was listed with the symbol UNKNOWN . 
the new closed-end management investment company trades shares of UNKNOWN interest . 
it UNKNOWN primarily in tax-exempt municipal securities . 
UNKNOWN corp. , a new orleans bank holding company , will join the big board thursday under UNKNOWN . 
three companies began trading over the counter . 
UNKNOWN corp. , a UNKNOWN , colo. , maker of UNKNOWN tape cartridge systems used to back up computer disk drives , started otc trading with the symbol UNKNOWN . 
rally 's inc. , a louisville , ky. , restaurant UNKNOWN , started trading under UNKNOWN . 
sierra tucson cos. , tucson , ariz. , started trading under UNKNOWN . 
it operates various types of UNKNOWN facilities . 
separately , on the pacific stock exchange , put and call options on the common stock of UNKNOWN corp. started trading . 
UNKNOWN , seattle , makes computer software products . 
options give a holder the right , but not the obligation , to buy or sell a security at a set price within a set period of time . 
dow chemical co. said its UNKNOWN energy inc. unit has agreed to buy pse inc. , a houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 999 million . 
dow , of midland , mich. , said its unit will begin by thursday a tender offer of $ 99.99 a share for all pse common shares outstanding . 
among other conditions , the offer depends on the dow unit acquiring at least 99 9\/9 % of the pse shares outstanding , the companies said in a joint statement friday . 
pse has about 9.9 million shares outstanding . 
the company said the approximately $ 999 million acquisition price includes its total $ 99 million of long-term debt outstanding . 
dow said it already has agreements with albert j. smith jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of pse , and certain other officers of the company under which dow may buy about 99 % of the pse common shares outstanding . 
pse is a designer and operator of UNKNOWN facilities and had 9999 sales of $ 999 million . 
the company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six UNKNOWN facilities -- two in texas and four in california . 
the company said recently it expects third-quarter earnings will be in range from $ 9.9 million to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents to 99 cents a share , compared with $ 999,999 , or four cents a share , a year ago . 
if growth UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN among investors , a sluggish segment of the nasdaq over-the-counter market could show some UNKNOWN . 
some stock UNKNOWN already are targeting the otc market , where , they say , UNKNOWN plenty of small - and medium-sized growth stocks . 
best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip UNKNOWN on the new york stock exchange , are UNKNOWN at depressed prices . 
growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the UNKNOWN caused by the market 's steep slide on oct. 99 , and because of the current UNKNOWN of disappointing earnings announcements . 
against such a UNKNOWN , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 99 % or so annually have extra appeal . 
`` the market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares mary UNKNOWN , a painewebber analyst . 
among her otc picks are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN brands . 
like many otc growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 999 million to $ 999 million . 
some like to specialize in growth companies whose shares have n't traded publicly very long . 
these are sometimes dubbed `` emerging '' growth companies , though they also have UNKNOWN track records . 
while many growth stocks are small , not all small stocks have UNKNOWN momentum . 
that 's an important UNKNOWN because some analysts and brokers , who UNKNOWN predict that small stocks are about to UNKNOWN bigger issues , may use any UNKNOWN in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks . 
`` you can find some good , quality companies over the counter , '' but investors should be selective , says john UNKNOWN , chief portfolio manager at UNKNOWN investors , a newark , n.j. , money management company with about $ 999 million invested in growth stocks of varying UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's picks from the otc market include legent , mail boxes UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN american . 
the main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy . 
`` if the market UNKNOWN on earnings , we should get better UNKNOWN of growth stocks , '' says l. keith mullins , a UNKNOWN analyst at morgan stanley . 
eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth . 
in anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now . 
UNKNOWN , smaller growth stocks have n't been in favor recently . 
the average issue on standard & poor 's 999-stock index gained 99 % last year , ms. UNKNOWN of painewebber says . 
UNKNOWN earnings , by comparison , rose between 99 % and 99 % . 
in addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and UNKNOWN value as the preferred UNKNOWN standards for much of the year . 
also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips . 
as a result , morgan stanley 's index of 99 emerging growth stocks -- most of which are in the otc market -- is up only 99 % for the year , while the dow jones industrial average has UNKNOWN 99 % and the s&p 999 has grown 99 % . 
the nasdaq composite has gained 99 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 999 largest UNKNOWN stocks , which have soared 99 % . 
some investors are skeptical of growth stocks because investing in them means ignoring that UNKNOWN found in the fine print of some investment UNKNOWN -- that past performance is n't UNKNOWN of future results . 
`` people are naturally UNKNOWN of them , '' says mr. mullins of morgan stanley . 
among his UNKNOWN in his firm 's index are legent , silicon graphics and UNKNOWN . 
however , more money managers are UNKNOWN that profit is UNKNOWN importance . 
mark UNKNOWN , portfolio manager at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN capital management , says that in reaction to nervousness about UNKNOWN buy-out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be `` UNKNOWN stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support . '' 
barney UNKNOWN , managing director of research at hambrecht & quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
on friday , hambrecht & quist added st. UNKNOWN medical to the list of 99 stocks it strongly recommends . 
the opinion is largely based on the company 's earnings momentum , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
st. UNKNOWN 's market value on nasdaq UNKNOWN $ 9 billion , so it is n't a small stock . 
the medical devices maker 's earnings rose nearly 99 % in 9999 from 9999 , and 99 % in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who follows the stock for hambrecht & quist , anticipates that the company 's net income will grow 99 % to $ 9.99 a share this year . 
st. UNKNOWN finished up 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on friday . 
friday 's market activity 
the nasdaq composite index eased 9.99 to 999.99 . 
the composite finished up 9.9 % from last friday 's close . 
it was a busy week for otc stocks . 
friday 's volume totaled 999.9 million shares ; the daily average for the week was a UNKNOWN 999.9 million . 
valley national lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on volume of 9.9 million shares . 
the company reported a big third-quarter loss on thursday . 
merchants bank of new york lost 9 to 999 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 9.99 a share from last year 's $ 9.99 a share . 
UNKNOWN savings bank lost 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 after reporting that it had a $ 9.9 million loss in the latest third quarter mostly because of loan-loss provisions . 
in the 9999 quarter , the bank earned $ 9.9 million . 
one bank stock was a winner . 
banponce jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after agreeing to be acquired by banco popular de puerto rico for $ 99.99 a share . 
banco popular , meanwhile , dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
sierra tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
the company 's shares began trading at 99 9\/9 , up from its initial offering price of 99 , and closed at 99 . 
sierra tucson operates an UNKNOWN treatment center . 
among declining issues , a weak earnings outlook drove UNKNOWN technology down 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
the company said results for its second quarter ended oct. 99 could drop as much as 99 % below the 99 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
UNKNOWN international plummeted 9 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 . 
a food and drug administration advisory panel has asked that UNKNOWN perform more studies on its device to treat UNKNOWN . 
qintex entertainment dropped 9 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under chapter 99 of the federal bankruptcy code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN studios and qintex productions . 
raymond corp. lost 9 to 99 after it said late thursday that it will take a $ 9.9 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant . 
as a result , the company has suspended its quarterly dividend . 
mccaw cellular communications and its target , lin broadcasting , were active . 
lin added 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 and mccaw lost 9\/9 to 99 . 
mccaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $ 999-a-share bid for 99 million of lin 's shares . 
mccaw has called for a `` fair auction '' of lin , which earlier entered a UNKNOWN merger pact with bellsouth . 
following the release of the company 's fourth-quarter earnings , apple computer dropped 9\/9 to 99 on volume of more than 9.9 million shares . 
apple earned $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the quarter , including $ 99 million from the sale of its adobe systems stock . 
the following were among friday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
chicago & north western acquisition corp. -- $ 999 million of senior subordinated UNKNOWN debentures , due oct. 99 , 9999 , priced at par to yield 99.99 % . 
the coupon will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 999 . 
however , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset can only be 99.9 % . 
debenture holders will also receive the equivalent of 99 % of the common stock of UNKNOWN holdings . 
the equity UNKNOWN is not attached to the offering , but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 99,999 common shares of UNKNOWN holdings is declared effective by the securities & exchange commission . 
the issue is noncallable for five years and has a UNKNOWN fund starting in 9999 to retire 99 % of the issue before maturity . 
rated UNKNOWN by moody 's investors service inc. and UNKNOWN by standard & poor 's corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by donaldson lufkin & jenrette securities corp . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of UNKNOWN due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 % coupon at par , via nomura international ltd . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from nov. 99 , 9999 , through oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
for bankers and regulators , arizona is looking more like texas every day . 
on friday , los angeles-based first interstate bancorp said it expects a net loss of $ 99 million for the third quarter of 9999 because of UNKNOWN at its first interstate bank of arizona unit . 
first interstate said the unit , UNKNOWN by arizona 's worsening real-estate woes , will have a $ 999 million loss for the quarter . 
first interstate took a huge $ 999 million provision for loan losses at the arizona bank . 
it charged off an estimated $ 999 million of arizona loans , leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $ 999 million , about 99 % of its $ 999 million of troubled loans and UNKNOWN real estate . 
first interstate made the move under pressure from regulators . 
the action capped a UNKNOWN of grim arizona banking news for the third quarter , and UNKNOWN signaled that arizona is challenging texas 's long UNKNOWN as banking 's busiest UNKNOWN . 
earlier last week , valley national corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 99.9 million loss and suspended its dividend . 
pinnacle west capital corp. , which has been UNKNOWN with regulators for months over what to do about pinnacle 's UNKNOWN merabank thrift unit , suspended its dividend and reported a 99 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
security pacific corp. said third-quarter credit losses surged a third to $ 999 million , mainly because of sour arizona real-estate loans . 
new york-based chase manhattan corp. took an $ 99 million UNKNOWN charge . 
furthermore , the regulatory UNKNOWN behind first interstate 's loss suggests regulators have concluded that lenders ' reserves are far too low to absorb their future arizona losses and are forcing bankers to do something about it . 
UNKNOWN from the office of the comptroller of the currency had been UNKNOWN through first interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that first interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 999 million third-quarter hit . 
when first interstate balked , arguing that the figure was too high , regulators responded by raising their recommendation to $ 999 million . 
`` at that point , { first interstate } decided it was the better part of UNKNOWN not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks . 
thomas p. UNKNOWN , chief financial officer , would n't comment about the details of the negotiations . 
he said the provision `` was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number . '' 
the tough regulatory stance UNKNOWN large future losses , especially at the state 's thrifts . 
at least six of arizona 's 99 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent ; they are sitting on enormous UNKNOWN losses . 
for example , western savings & loan association , which is now in conservatorship , had tangible UNKNOWN minus liabilities -- of a negative $ 999.9 million at june 99 . 
it had a $ 999.9 million loss in the second quarter . 
yet it still held $ 999.9 million of UNKNOWN real estate , for which it maintains no reserves UNKNOWN . 
it also had $ 999.9 million of UNKNOWN loans ; its level of reserves against those was n't immediately available , though it is believed to be small . 
the rapid deterioration of the arizona thrifts only adds to the UNKNOWN cost of the government 's massive thrift bailout , officially estimated at about $ 999 billion . 
together , the six UNKNOWN or essentially insolvent arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 9.9 billion , foreclosed property of $ 9.9 billion and UNKNOWN loans of $ 9.99 billion . 
they have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are UNKNOWN compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up . 
the thrifts had a combined loss of $ 999.9 million in the second quarter . 
other lenders have been recovering only 99 cents to 99 cents on the dollar on foreclosed arizona property , if they can sell it at all . 
all this UNKNOWN is the result of one of the worst UNKNOWN in arizona 's UNKNOWN history , UNKNOWN by some of the usual suspects in 9999s banking UNKNOWN : UNKNOWN , fraud and plain bad banking . 
in the late 9999s and early 9999s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , UNKNOWN and massive UNKNOWN of raw desert land , confident that arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 9 % to 9 % for years to come . 
now , annual population growth is running at about 9 % a year , some desert UNKNOWN bought three years ago for $ 99,999 an UNKNOWN are being sold at $ 99,999 an UNKNOWN and phoenix has a seven-year supply of UNKNOWN office space . 
`` it 's horrible to say , but it 's unfortunate that earthquake was n't in phoenix -- it might have knocked out some of our empty buildings , '' said UNKNOWN jackson , a prominent arizona businessman with interests in real estate , banking and many other businesses . 
many arizona real-estate experts think the worst may be yet to come . 
ralph shattuck , publisher of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN newsletter , said UNKNOWN have climbed to about 9,999 a month just in UNKNOWN county , where phoenix is located . 
that 's up from about 999 a month in 9999 , and it 's accelerating : so far this month , UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN about 99 a day . 
`` it 's UNKNOWN , '' mr. shattuck said . 
moreover , mr. shattuck and others said residential real estate , which had remained fairly strong through most of the downturn , is beginning to UNKNOWN more and more of the UNKNOWN . 
and the generally UNKNOWN condition of arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide . 
`` it 's reasonable to say there is not a UNKNOWN s&l in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said mr. jackson . 
`` we 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... . 
the only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is : ` pay me in 99 days . ' '' 
first interstate had a $ 999.9 million loss in 9999 's third quarter , mainly from UNKNOWN and reserves connected with its texas operations . 
for the six months ended june 99 , it reported net income of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , including $ 99 million from tax credits and accounting changes . 
the bank 's arizona unit holds about $ 9 billion of first interstate 's $ 99 billion of assets . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the bank expects arizona real-estate prices , which plummeted 99 % over the last year , to fall another 99 % before stabilizing . 
some in arizona think that may be optimistic . 
first interstate said its operations outside of arizona `` achieved results as expected for the quarter , '' but did n't specify the results . 
first interstate stock closed at $ 99.999 , down 99 cents , in composite trading friday on the new york stock exchange . 
since its unsuccessful bid for bankamerica corp. in 9999 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs and boost performance , but many industry officials believe it may be UNKNOWN for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in california in 9999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the problems in arizona have only `` increased our resolve to continue to make our restructuring even more effective . '' 
separately , standard & poor 's corp. lowered its ratings on valley national corp. 's senior debt to UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN , affecting about $ 999 million of long-term debt . 
s&p also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , valley national bank of arizona . 
the ratings service said the UNKNOWN reflect the continued slide in the company 's financial condition . 
a spokesman for phoenix , UNKNOWN valley national , said the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in arizona real estate . 
commercial paper holders have UNKNOWN their funds , he said , and consumer deposits have been up in the last few days . 
immunex corp. said its scientists isolated a UNKNOWN which may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the UNKNOWN , ranging from UNKNOWN rejection , to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN is the mouse version of a protein called the UNKNOWN receptor . 
UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN which directs the growth and function of white blood cells involved in the body 's immune response . 
the UNKNOWN receptor on the surface of such cells receives the UNKNOWN 's message to rally the body 's defense . 
but in certain conditions such as UNKNOWN diseases and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off UNKNOWN UNKNOWN reactions or cell destruction . 
a UNKNOWN form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune UNKNOWN , the company said . 
the UNKNOWN receptor is one of five such UNKNOWN to be developed and tested by UNKNOWN corp. , a spinoff of immunex , through a proposed $ 99 million initial public offering . 
immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents . 
immunex will have the option to buy back UNKNOWN shares after five years . 
the following issues were recently filed with the securities and exchange commission : 
UNKNOWN financial inc. , an indirect subsidiary of fuji bank ltd. , shelf offering of up to $ 9 billion debt securities and warrants . 
UNKNOWN overseas ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via smith barney & co. and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co . 
mci communications corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 999 million of debt securities via merrill lynch capital markets , drexel burnham lambert inc. , goldman , sachs & co. , and salomon brothers inc . 
UNKNOWN inc. , offering of $ 99 million subordinated UNKNOWN debentures , via bear , stearns & co. inc . 
union tank car co. , offering of $ 999 million of equipment trust certificates , via salomon brothers . 
conner peripherals inc. , which has a UNKNOWN on a key part used in many UNKNOWN computers , is on target to UNKNOWN compaq computer corp. as the fastest-growing start-up manufacturing firm in u.s. business history . 
conner UNKNOWN the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers . 
it said yesterday that net income for its third quarter soared 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
its revenue totaled $ 999.9 million , an increase of 999 % from $ 99.9 million a year ago . 
for the nine months , the san jose , calif.-based company said net income jumped 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue nearly tripled to $ 999 million , from $ 999 million . 
analysts expect conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 99 million , or $ 9 to $ 9.99 a share , on sales of $ 999 million , for 9999 , the company 's third full year in business . 
that 's a faster growth rate than reported by compaq , which did n't post similar results until its fourth year , in 9999 . 
but compaq had achieved that level of sales faster than any previous manufacturing start-up . 
conner 's performance is closely tied to the UNKNOWN demand for battery-operated computers , the computer industry 's fastest-growing segment . 
since its UNKNOWN , conner has both benefited from and helped make possible the rapid spread of UNKNOWN computers by selling storage devices that UNKNOWN five to 99 times less electricity than drives used in desktop machines . 
today , conner controls an estimated 99 % of the hard-disk drive market for laptop computers . 
the company supplies drives to compaq and zenith data systems , the top two u.s. manufacturers of UNKNOWN , and to toshiba corp. , nec corp. and sharp corp. , the leading japanese laptop makers . 
`` they 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly UNKNOWN , '' said bob UNKNOWN , an analyst at disk / trend inc. , a market researcher in los UNKNOWN , calif . 
in the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
next month , seagate technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of UNKNOWN drives for battery-operated computers . 
and the japanese are likely to keep close on conner 's heels . 
`` they are going to catch up , '' said david UNKNOWN , an analyst with hambrecht & quist . 
both toshiba and nec already produce hard-disk drives , and sony also is studying the field , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
but conner is n't standing still . 
yesterday , the company introduced four products , three of which are aimed at a hot new class of computers called UNKNOWN . 
each of the three drives uses a mere 9.9 watts of power and one UNKNOWN just 9.9 ounces . 
`` most of our competitors are announcing products based on our ( older ) products , '' said UNKNOWN conner , chief executive officer and founder of the firm that bears his name . 
`` we continue to develop products faster than anyone else can . '' 
these new products could account for as much as 99 % of the company 's business in 9999 , mr. conner estimated . 
`` we 're not afraid of UNKNOWN some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition , '' he said . 
conner already is shipping its new drives . 
last week , for instance , compaq introduced its first UNKNOWN computer to UNKNOWN reviews . 
conner is UNKNOWN hard-disk drives for the machine , which UNKNOWN only six pounds and fits in a UNKNOWN . 
from its UNKNOWN , conner has targeted the market for battery-operated machines , building hard-disk drives that are smaller and use far less power than those offered by competitors such as seagate . 
the availability of these drives , in turn , boosted demand for laptop computers , whose UNKNOWN had been limited because of lack of storage . 
conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to compaq , which as of july owned 99 % of conner 's stock . 
sales to compaq represented 99 % of conner 's business in its third quarter , compared with 99 % in the year-ago period . 
move over , UNKNOWN phone services : a legal service with a `` 999 '' number has been launched in california . 
a newport beach law firm started the UNKNOWN legal service , called UNKNOWN , using mci communication corp. 's UNKNOWN service . 
cane & associates UNKNOWN its $ UNKNOWN service as the `` UNKNOWN legal hour you 'll ever find . '' 
though the service is available only in california , UNKNOWN founder michael cane says he plans to franchise it in other states . 
he says his aim is to reach people who are UNKNOWN , have no access to transportation , ca n't find a lawyer to take their case or simply ca n't afford lawyers ' UNKNOWN fees . 
mr. cane UNKNOWN that he is n't using the telephone to lure clients to his UNKNOWN . 
`` we will only deal with clients on the phone , '' he says . 
`` we have no UNKNOWN business . '' 
UNKNOWN is apparently the only telephone service that offers the telephone equivalent of an office visit . 
local bar UNKNOWN in some states have numbers that provide free UNKNOWN messages explaining certain areas of the law . 
there also are `` 999 '' UNKNOWN which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
when a UNKNOWN reaches UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the call to one of six attorneys . 
in an effort to determine whether a UNKNOWN has reason to sue , cane lawyers review documents and perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law UNKNOWN and several support staffers . 
there is no charge for research -- only for time on the phone . 
if the matter requires further legal work or litigation , mr. cane says , his lawyers may refer the client to a law firm . 
but he says cane & associates does n't receive UNKNOWN fees . 
so far , says mr. cane , most calls have involved UNKNOWN problems , tax problems , UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN questions . 
the firm is getting about 99 calls a day , and the average call UNKNOWN about 99 minutes . 
out of the $ 9 charge , the law firm pockets about $ 9.99 . 
jury UNKNOWN congressman in connection with wedtech corp. scandal . 
a federal court jury in new york found u.s. rep. robert garcia ( d. , n.y . ) and his wife , UNKNOWN lee garcia , guilty of UNKNOWN $ 99,999 from wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman . 
the jury also convicted them of UNKNOWN in obtaining a $ 99,999 , UNKNOWN loan from a wedtech officer . 
the jury found them guilty of conspiracy in obtaining the payments , some of which were UNKNOWN as fees for consulting services from mrs. garcia . 
wedtech , which became UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN cases that eventually led to its UNKNOWN , formerly was a UNKNOWN south bronx , n.y. , defense contractor . 
edward UNKNOWN little , one of the assistant u.s. attorneys who UNKNOWN the case , said the garcia trial `` is the last of the wedtech prosecutions . '' 
mr. little said more than 99 people have been convicted in the wedtech cases , including former u.s. rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( d. , n.y . ) . 
lawyers for the UNKNOWN said they plan to appeal . 
mr. garcia , who represents new york 's 99th congressional district , which includes the bronx , said he has n't decided whether he will resign . 
`` in the next few weeks , i will be consulting with my political advisers and with the democratic leaders about the best way of UNKNOWN the interests of my constituents , '' said mr. garcia , 99 years old . 
mrs. garcia , 99 , formerly was a member of mr. garcia 's congressional staff . 
the UNKNOWN were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
u.s. judge UNKNOWN b. sand set the UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN for jan. 9 . 
five shea & gould partners are leaving to form a new firm . 
the new firm , hutton UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , will be based in new york . 
the five partners who resigned from shea & gould late last week are tom hutton , sam UNKNOWN , dean UNKNOWN , daniel UNKNOWN and ernest UNKNOWN . 
they will be joined by larry UNKNOWN , who resigned from the firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & block . 
howard UNKNOWN , a new york UNKNOWN who represents shea & gould , said , `` shea & gould UNKNOWN they 're leaving because they wanted a different environment -- a smaller firm they would be principals of . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN said the five , who were n't on shea & gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . '' 
he said shea & gould held a number of discussions with the five partners during the past few weeks to get them to stay but that the five were firmly committed to running their own firm . 
hutton UNKNOWN will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the UNKNOWN community . 
disciplinary proceedings against lawyers open to public in illinois . 
while investigations into lawyer UNKNOWN will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
the actual disciplinary hearings will be public . 
in addition , illinois attorneys will lose the right to sue clients who file UNKNOWN complaints against them . 
UNKNOWN will be added to the inquiry panels that look into allegations of UNKNOWN . 
illinois UNKNOWN 99 other states that allow public participation in UNKNOWN proceedings and 99 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the american bar association . 
one UNKNOWN critic of the changes , chicago lawyer warren UNKNOWN , says UNKNOWN should n't be on the inquiry panels because they are unlikely to appreciate the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN relationships . 
in addition , he says , publishing the names of lawyers who are facing charges UNKNOWN subjects them to public UNKNOWN . 
nevertheless , mr. UNKNOWN anticipates no legal action to reverse the illinois supreme court 's decision to institute the changes . 
`` there 's no constitutional right involved in the rule change , '' he says . 
`` you do n't have a right to practice . 
you only have a privilege to practice . '' 
drexel burnham lambert inc. agreed to pay a $ 99,999 fine to delaware , the 99th state to settle with drexel in the wake of the firm 's guilty plea to federal UNKNOWN charges . 
drexel does n't have a delaware office , but the new york firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted UNKNOWN . 
the firm has said it expects to pay $ 99.9 million overall to settle with states . 
drexel pleaded guilty in september to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud ; it also made a $ 999 million civil settlement with the securities and exchange commission . 
philip morris cos. , whose benson & hedges cigarette brand has been losing market share , has asked at least one other agency to try its hand at creative work for the big account , which has been at wells rich UNKNOWN inc. since 9999 . 
executives close to philip morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked backer spielvogel bates worldwide inc. , a unit of saatchi & saatchi co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account . 
several executives said another potential UNKNOWN is wpp group 's ogilvy & mather agency , which works on some other philip morris products . 
both philip morris and backer spielvogel declined to comment . 
a spokeswoman for ogilvy & mather said the agency does n't comment on `` idle speculation . '' 
also mentioned as a UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
the loss of the cigarette account would be a severe blow to wells rich . 
benson & hedges has been one of its most UNKNOWN campaigns , as well as one of its largest clients . 
the account billed almost $ 99 million last year , according to leading national advertisers . 
but philip morris has UNKNOWN back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 99 million to $ 99 million . 
industry executives said philip morris had asked the other agencies to create campaigns in a bid to stop the brand 's slipping market share . 
according to john maxwell , an analyst at wheat first securities , richmond , va. , benson & hedges has slipped from 9.9 % of the cigarette market in 9999 to just 9.9 % after the second quarter of this year . 
the brand is no. 9 overall in the cigarette business , mr. maxwell said . 
the slip has come despite UNKNOWN ads created by wells rich , including one UNKNOWN a young man UNKNOWN only in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
that ad generated so much publicity that a trade magazine launched a contest for its readers to guess who the guy was and what he was doing . 
wells rich first UNKNOWN the benson & hedges brand more than 99 years ago with ads UNKNOWN , among other things , an UNKNOWN door closing on a passenger 's cigarette . 
the brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a UNKNOWN that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its UNKNOWN performance . 
philip morris , trying to revive the benson & hedges franchise , put the account up for review in 9999 . 
wells rich UNKNOWN , however , in an effort directed by mary wells lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business . 
kenneth UNKNOWN , wells rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
while wells rich recently picked up UNKNOWN corp. 's $ 99 million to $ 99 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 99 million to $ 99 million UNKNOWN canada dry and UNKNOWN accounts , the $ 99 million procter & gamble co . sure UNKNOWN account and the $ 99 million UNKNOWN / ralph UNKNOWN business . 
its victories include more than $ 99 million in sheraton corp. business and an UNKNOWN from dun & bradstreet worth $ 9 million to $ 99 million . 
this city is UNKNOWN for gridlock today as hundreds of thousands of commuters avoid travel routes UNKNOWN by last week 's earthquake . 
estimates of damage in the UNKNOWN san francisco bay area UNKNOWN $ 9 billion , excluding the cost of UNKNOWN the region 's transportation system . 
the bay bridge , the main artery into san francisco from the east , will be closed for at least several weeks . 
part of the bridge collapsed in the quake , which registered 9.9 on the richter scale . 
the bridge normally carries 999,999 commuters a day . 
also , most of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the city to its main link to the south , the 999 freeway , have been closed for repairs . 
the bay area rapid transit system , which runs UNKNOWN UNKNOWN beneath the bay , is UNKNOWN for a doubling of its daily regular UNKNOWN to 999,999 . 
bart has increased service to 99 hours a day in preparation for the UNKNOWN . 
most unusual will be UNKNOWN commuters from the east bay towns of oakland and berkeley . 
for the first time in 99 years , UNKNOWN service has been restored between the east bay and san francisco . 
the red and white fleet , which operates regular UNKNOWN UNKNOWN service to and from UNKNOWN county , and tourist UNKNOWN of the bay , is offering east bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 99 UNKNOWN . 
that tariff is too stiff for some financial district wage UNKNOWN . 
`` i 'll stay with bart , '' said one secretary , UNKNOWN her fears about using the UNKNOWN tube . 
officials expect the golden gate bridge to be UNKNOWN with an extra load of commuters , including east bay residents making a long UNKNOWN . 
`` we 're anticipating quite a traffic crunch , '' said one official . 
about 99,999 people typically travel over the golden gate bridge during commute hours . 
about 999,999 vehicles cross during a 99-hour period . 
meetings canceled by apple computer inc. 's european sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants . 
it also raised UNKNOWN of the city 's tourism UNKNOWN . 
`` other cities are calling { groups UNKNOWN here for UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN } and -- not to be UNKNOWN -- stealing our UNKNOWN list , '' said scott UNKNOWN , a spokesman for mayor art agnos . 
city officials stuck by their estimate of $ 9 billion in damage to the UNKNOWN city . 
the other five bay area counties have increased their total damage estimates to $ 9.9 billion . 
all estimates exclude highway repair , which could exceed $ 9 billion . 
among the expensive UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN freeway in san francisco that were closed because of UNKNOWN damage . 
the most UNKNOWN stretch is 9.9 miles of UNKNOWN highway known as the UNKNOWN freeway . 
until it was closed tuesday , it had provided the UNKNOWN series of UNKNOWN for commuters from the bay bridge heading into the financial district . 
engineers say it will take at least eight months to repair the UNKNOWN structure . 
as part of the quake recovery effort , the city building department has surveyed about 9,999 buildings , including all of the financial district 's UNKNOWN . 
the preliminary conclusion from a survey of 999 downtown UNKNOWN is that `` we were UNKNOWN lucky , '' said lawrence UNKNOWN , san francisco 's chief building UNKNOWN . 
while many of these buildings sustained heavy damage , little of that involved major structural damage . 
city building codes require construction that can resist UNKNOWN . 
in england , martin UNKNOWN , a spokesman for lloyd 's of london , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
`` the extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
on friday , during a visit to california to survey quake damage , president bush promised to `` meet the federal government 's obligation '' to assist relief efforts . 
california officials plan to ask congress for $ 9 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and UNKNOWN loans . 
the state has a $ 9 billion reserve , and is expected to add $ 9 billion to that fund in the next year . 
some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also UNKNOWN over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief . 
however , state UNKNOWN restrict the ability of the legislature to raise such taxes unless the voters approve in a statewide UNKNOWN . 
g. christian hill and UNKNOWN wells contributed to this article . 
bond corp . holdings ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 9999 of 999.9 million australian dollars ( us$ 999.9 million ) , the largest in australian corporate history . 
that loss compared with a year-earlier profit of a$ 999.9 million . 
in preliminary , UNKNOWN results reported friday , bond corp. also posted an operating loss of a$ 999.9 million for the year ended june 99 , compared with operating profit of a$ 999.9 million a year earlier . 
operating revenue rose 99 % to a$ 9.99 billion from a$ 9.99 billion . 
but the net interest bill jumped 99 % to a$ 999.9 million from a$ 999.9 million . 
bond corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property . 
much of bond corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of bond corp. 's assets and those of its units . 
the results included a a$ 999.9 million UNKNOWN of future income-tax benefits and a provision for a loss of a$ 999.9 million on the sale of a stake of about 99 % in lonrho plc . 
however , bond corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later . 
earnings before interest and tax from brewing UNKNOWN 99 % to a$ 999.9 million from a$ 999.9 million . 
the company said the general financial performance of its u.s. brewing operations , g. UNKNOWN brewing co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . '' 
bond corp. 's shares closed friday before news of the results at 99 australian cents a share , up one australian cent . 
the staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for alan bond and his flagship , bond corp . 
only a year ago , the chairman of bond corp. , who controls about 99 % of the company , appeared to be building a war UNKNOWN to attack some big companies . 
now bond corp. has agreed to sell at least half its australian brewing assets . 
it has sold billions of dollars of other assets and has more on the block . 
but in a tv interview sunday mr. bond said , `` we 've taken a big loss . 
we 've taken it on the UNKNOWN . 
but we 're out there and we 're going to stay in business . 
bond corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
it said it will look at opportunities in brewing , property and energy resources to the extent UNKNOWN with the dominant objective of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ratios . 
the result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' bond corp. directors said in a statement . 
some analysts contend the total UNKNOWN should have been much greater , and bond corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets and deals about which there is `` uncertainty '' regarding the current value and potential impact on the firm . 
bond corp. said the acknowledged losses mean net asset backing is in the red to the UNKNOWN of 99 australian cents a share , vs. positive asset backing of a$ 9.99 a share a year ago . 
still , the directors said , `` having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is UNKNOWN . '' 
indeed , in a note to the results , directors said if the `` true worth '' of some of the group 's assets were taken into account instead of using book values , the negative net asset backing a share would turn into `` a substantial positive '' one . 
the UNKNOWN supermarket went out of business last may . 
the reason was not high interest rates or labor costs . 
nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential UNKNOWN section of northern manhattan . 
the business closed when the owner was UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN . 
the owner was israel ortiz , a 99-year-old entrepreneur and father of two . 
in his first year of operating the store he bought for $ 999,999 , mr. ortiz was UNKNOWN at least twice at UNKNOWN . 
the first time he was shot in the hand as he UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN outside . 
the second time he identified two UNKNOWN , who were UNKNOWN and charged . 
two weeks later -- perhaps in UNKNOWN -- mr. ortiz was shot three times in the back , during what police classified as a third UNKNOWN attempt . 
that was his reward for working until 99 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 9,999 a month rent . 
for providing what his customers described as very personal and helpful service . 
for creating a focus for neighborhood life . 
israel ortiz is only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs and their employees who will be injured or killed by crime this year . 
the u.s. bureau of justice statistics reports that almost 9 % of all UNKNOWN workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and UNKNOWN salespeople . 
only a few other UNKNOWN have higher reported rates of criminal injury , such as police , UNKNOWN and taxi drivers . 
yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem . 
recent data from new york city provide more of the picture . 
while by no means the highest crime community in the country , new york is a prime example of a city where crime UNKNOWN small-business development . 
a survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by UNKNOWN , a policy research organization . 
it gave 9,999 businesses a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN 999 responses . 
the survey found that over a three-year period 99 % of the firms said employees or owners had been UNKNOWN on their way to or from work or while on the job . 
UNKNOWN percent reported their customers being UNKNOWN . 
crime was the reason that 99 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 99 % said they were considering moving . 
more than one-third of the responding businesses said they suffer from drug dealing and UNKNOWN near their premises . 
in brooklyn and the bronx , one out of four commercial firms is UNKNOWN each year . 
industrial neighborhoods fare even worse , with UNKNOWN rates twice the UNKNOWN average . 
crime is clearly more UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN than to big businesses . 
two decades ago , the small business administration reported yale UNKNOWN albert UNKNOWN 's landmark study of crime against 9,999 small businesses drawn from national irs records . 
he found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 99 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
the new york study 's companies averaged 99 employees ; their annual crime losses averaged about $ 99,999 , with an additional $ 9,999 annual cost in security -- enough money to hire at least one more worker . 
the costs of crime may also be enough to UNKNOWN a struggling business . 
whatever the monetary crime losses , they may not be nearly as important to entrepreneurs as the risk of personal injury . 
after repeated UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , some entrepreneurs may give up a business out of fear for their lives . 
one washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 99 years in business that included four UNKNOWN deaths and 99 UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN on the premises . 
these findings UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN cycle that national institute of justice director james k. stewart calls `` crime causing poverty . '' 
UNKNOWN neighborhoods offer relatively few employment opportunities , contributing to the poverty of local residents . 
small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so UNKNOWN to creating and maintaining those businesses . 
this may help explain why small businesses create 99 % of all jobs nationally , but only 99 % of jobs in a UNKNOWN city like new york . 
bigger business can often better afford to UNKNOWN the cost of crime . 
the new york study found that the cost of security measures in firms with fewer than five employees was almost $ 9,999 per worker , compared with one-third that amount for firms with more than 99 employees . 
the shift of retailing to large shopping centers has created even greater economies of scale for providing UNKNOWN business UNKNOWN . 
private security guards and UNKNOWN police can UNKNOWN the law of UNKNOWN to regulate access to these UNKNOWN places . 
since 9999 , in fact , revenues of the 99 largest guard companies , primarily serving such big businesses , have increased by almost 99 % . 
few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in UNKNOWN with other local merchants . 
in the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates , small business generally relies on the public police force for protection . 
this creates several problems . 
one is that there are not enough police to UNKNOWN small businesses . 
the number one proposal for reducing crime in the new york survey was to put more police on foot or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents . 
only 99 % supported private security patrols funded by the merchants themselves . 
a second problem is the persistent frustration of false UNKNOWN , which can make urban police less than UNKNOWN about responding to calls from small businesses . 
only half the new york small businesses surveyed , for their part , are satisfied with the police response they receive . 
some cities , including new york , have UNKNOWN with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses . 
but this raises added cost barriers to urban UNKNOWN . 
another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas . 
for cities losing business to suburban shopping centers , it may be a UNKNOWN business investment to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits . 
increased UNKNOWN of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such `` hot spots '' of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
with national institute of justice support , the minneapolis police and the crime control institute are currently testing the effects of such a strategy , UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN value with traditional random patrols . 
small-business patrols would be an especially helpful UNKNOWN whenever a small-business person is scheduled to testify against a UNKNOWN suspect . 
while no guarantee , an increased police presence might even UNKNOWN further attacks . 
it might even have saved the life , and business , of israel ortiz . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a professor of UNKNOWN at the university of maryland and president of the crime control institute in washington , UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN corp. said in toronto that it hopes to raise 99 million canadian dollars ( us$ 99.9 million ) through a rights offering to shareholders . 
under the offer , shareholders can purchase one UNKNOWN share at c$ 9.99 for each five shares held . 
in toronto stock exchange trading friday , UNKNOWN closed at c$ 9.99 , down 99.9 cents . 
the holding company said the rights offering should reduce its c$ 999 million debt to `` more UNKNOWN levels '' before dec. 99 and allow it to finance future investments with equity capital . 
at last report , UNKNOWN had about 99.9 million shares outstanding . 
former u.n. ambassador UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , in a UNKNOWN `` capital UNKNOWN '' discussion oct. 9 of house action on federal UNKNOWN insurance : 
i think this repeal was kind of a UNKNOWN action , as a matter of fact ... . 
they will have to UNKNOWN this issue , and they 'll have to UNKNOWN it before long . 
diversification pays . 
that 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was UNKNOWN once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's UNKNOWN plunge . 
stock funds , like the market as a whole , generally dropped more than 9 % in the week through last thursday , according to figures compiled by lipper analytical services inc . 
that reflects the huge drop a week ago friday , last monday 's rebound and the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN that followed . 
but several other types of funds UNKNOWN investors from the worst of the market 's slide . 
funds that invest internationally were the UNKNOWN stock and fixed-income funds . 
`` more than ever , people should realize they should have a diversified portfolio , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a senior vice president of UNKNOWN group . 
`` that means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate . '' 
one week 's performance should n't be the basis for any investment decision . 
but the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough . 
`` you want to know how a fund did when the market got UNKNOWN , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an investment adviser with UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN in san francisco . 
`` it 's like UNKNOWN the tires of a car ... . 
what you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ? '' 
general equity funds fell an average of 9.99 % in the week ended thursday , compared with a 9.99 % slide for the standard & poor 's 999-stock index . 
but lipper analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have UNKNOWN themselves from the stock market 's gyrations . 
UNKNOWN funds , for instance , which invest in companies that mine and process the precious metal , posted an average decline of 9.99 % . 
flexible portfolio funds , which UNKNOWN investments among stocks , bonds and money-market instruments and other investments , declined at about half the rate of stock funds -- an average drop of 9.99 % , according to lipper . 
global allocation funds take the UNKNOWN concept one step further by investing at least 99 % of their portfolios outside the u.s. . 
this gives them the added benefits of international diversification -- including a foreign-exchange boost during periods , like the past week , when the dollar declines against other major currencies . 
with all that going for them , global flexible portfolio funds declined only 9.99 % in the week through last thursday . 
but while the UNKNOWN of diversification UNKNOWN through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : a diversified portfolio always UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN portfolio during those times when the investment in the UNKNOWN portfolio is truly hot . 
and friday the 99th UNKNOWN , stocks have been this year 's hot investment . 
thus , even including the latest week , the average general stock fund has soared more than 99 % so far this year , the lipper analytical figures show . 
by comparison , global asset allocation funds have turned in an average total return of about 99 % , while domestic flexible portfolios are up about 99 % . 
fixed-income funds have returned 9.9 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 9.99 % , on average . 
`` that 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` you do n't make any real money . '' 
over the last 99 years , for example , mr. UNKNOWN says , an investor putting $ 9,999 a year in the s&p 999 would have made nearly twice as much than if it were invested in treasury bills . 
some equity funds did better than others in the week that began on friday the 99th . 
the $ 9 million UNKNOWN fund , for instance , was the seventh top performing fund for the week , with a 9.99 % return . 
its return so far this year has been a credible 99.99 % . 
the fund 's strategy is to sell when a stock UNKNOWN 99 % over its cost . 
by the time the market plummeted 99 days ago , UNKNOWN was 99 % in cash , said robert UNKNOWN , president and portfolio manager . 
last monday , he started `` buying the high-quality growth companies that people were throwing away at discount prices . '' 
among mr. UNKNOWN 's picks : UNKNOWN systems , reebok international ltd. and digital UNKNOWN corp . 
the fund 's cash position is now about 99 % , which mr. UNKNOWN calls `` still bearish . '' 
among the big stock funds , dreyfus fund , with more than $ 9 billion in assets , had a decline of just 9.99 % for the week and a return of 99.99 % for the year . 
howard stein , chairman of dreyfus corp. , said the fund was about half invested in government bonds on oct. 99 , and about 99 % in cash . 
`` in a downward market , bonds act better , '' he said . 
`` we still think there 's a lot of UNKNOWN in this market . 
we believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world . '' 
many of the funds that did best in the last week are heavily invested overseas , giving them the benefit of foreign currency UNKNOWN when the dollar is weak . 
from its high point on thursday , oct. 99 , to where it traded late in new york a week later , the dollar fell 9.9 % against the west german mark , 9.9 % against the british pound and 9.9 % against the japanese yen . 
three international cash portfolios funds , which invest almost UNKNOWN in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four UNKNOWN funds in the latest week . 
because the funds ' investments are UNKNOWN in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar . 
but when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies , as it did for much of this year , the dollar value of these funds declines . 
all three funds posted negative returns for the year to date . 
of the funds that fared the worst in the UNKNOWN . 99 week , two are heavily invested in airlines stocks , which led the market slide following problems with financing for the ual corp . buy-out plan . 
reflecting airline takeover activity , however , both the fidelity select air transportation portfolio and the national aviation & technology fund posted UNKNOWN returns for the the year to date : 99.99 % for the fidelity air transportation fund and a UNKNOWN 99.99 % for national aviation & technology . 
the small drop in equity funds in general in the latest week may not necessarily be a good sign , said a. michael lipper , president of lipper analytical . 
noting that equity funds are up nearly 99 % from their UNKNOWN low on dec. 9 , 9999 , he said that what happened last week `` may not be enough of an adjustment . 
there 's either more to come or an extremely long period of UNKNOWN . '' 
but investors do n't seem to think so . 
several big mutual fund groups said last week that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy UNKNOWN on the 99th . 
UNKNOWN group said it had a more than $ 99 million net UNKNOWN into its stock funds last week . 
`` there certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said steven UNKNOWN , a vice president at t. rowe price associates . 
`` people showed some UNKNOWN power and , in fact , interest in buying equities . '' 
source : lipper analytical services inc . 
\* not counting dividends 
\*\* with dividends UNKNOWN 
sources : lipper analytical services inc. ; standard & poor 's corp . 
guardian royal exchange assurance plc , a major british composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in nationwide anglia building society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial UNKNOWN in the u.k. and europe . 
officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that UNKNOWN will hold in nationwide anglia estate agents . 
but the companies said that nationwide anglia estate agents will market UNKNOWN life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 9,999 retail outlets in the UNKNOWN . 
besides the marketing agreement , UNKNOWN said nationwide anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
sitting at the bar of the four seasons restaurant , UNKNOWN william mcdonough seems UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN setting . 
he is UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN above the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` look how much air is moving around ! '' he says . 
`` the UNKNOWN here is great ! '' 
you may be hearing more about the 99-year-old mr. mcdonough and his UNKNOWN with clean air . 
after years of relative UNKNOWN , he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the UNKNOWN quality of his architecture . 
mr. mcdonough believes that the UNKNOWN of the planet depends on such UNKNOWN as opening windows to cut UNKNOWN air pollution , UNKNOWN down carpets instead of using toxic UNKNOWN , and avoiding UNKNOWN , which comes from UNKNOWN rain UNKNOWN . 
he has put some of his UNKNOWN ideas into practice with his design of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN restaurant -- `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN architecture magazine called it -- and his UNKNOWN of paul stuart , the madison avenue clothing store . 
he has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space . 
he is now designing a UNKNOWN stage set for a show by the band UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN . 
what really UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN , though , is UNKNOWN architecture . 
now the question is : is poland ready for it ? 
mr. mcdonough is about to tackle his biggest UNKNOWN challenge yet , the proposed warsaw trade center in poland , the first such center in eastern europe . 
the project has already acquired a certain new york UNKNOWN . 
bloomingdale 's plans to sell a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN model of the center during the holidays . 
some of the sales proceeds will go to the design industries foundation for aids . 
a UNKNOWN topped with a UNKNOWN of the center will be auctioned at an aids benefit at sotheby 's in december . 
if mr. mcdonough 's plans get executed , as much of the polish center as possible will be made from aluminum , steel and glass UNKNOWN from warsaw 's UNKNOWN rubble . 
a 99-story UNKNOWN UNKNOWN will stand UNKNOWN 99 stories of commercial space . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN will make the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the windows will open . 
the carpets wo n't be UNKNOWN down , and walls will be UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
to the extent that the $ 999 million budget will allow it , mr. mcdonough will rely on solid wood , rather than UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN board , to limit the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
if mr. mcdonough has his way , the poles will compensate for the trade center 's emissions of carbon UNKNOWN , a prime suspect in the global UNKNOWN UNKNOWN many scientists fear . 
the poles would plant a UNKNOWN forest somewhere in the country at a cost of $ 999,999 , with the center 's developer UNKNOWN the bill . 
the news has n't exactly moved others in mr. mcdonough 's profession to become UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
all architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says john UNKNOWN , whose new york firm is designing the UNKNOWN of times square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , senior associate at michael UNKNOWN 's architecture firm in princeton , n.j. , says : `` we 're really at the UNKNOWN of what the construction industry can and will do readily . '' 
mr. mcdonough UNKNOWN : `` i 'm asking people to UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN . '' 
the son of a seagram 's executive who was UNKNOWN in many countries around the world , mr. mcdonough was born in tokyo and attended 99 schools in places ranging from hong kong to UNKNOWN heights , ohio , before entering UNKNOWN college . 
he earned a master 's degree in architecture from yale . 
his interest in the natural environment dates from his youth . 
he and his father still spend time each summer UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . 
living in hong kong , he says , made him sensitive to the limits on food , power and water supplies . 
at his first school in the u.s. he was thought a little UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN off open water UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN to take only brief UNKNOWN . 
he and a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN established a company that restored three UNKNOWN power plants in vermont . 
at yale , he designed one of the first UNKNOWN houses to be built in ireland . 
mr. mcdonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental UNKNOWN was his 9999 design for the headquarters of the environmental defense fund in new york . 
the offices took 99,999 square feet of a building with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and big , UNKNOWN windows . 
since the 9999s energy crisis , some efforts to UNKNOWN energy by UNKNOWN buildings have had an UNKNOWN side effect : high UNKNOWN pollution . 
to reduce it at the fund 's building , workers UNKNOWN UNKNOWN instead of UNKNOWN on the floors in the executive director 's office . 
UNKNOWN , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the UNKNOWN carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic . 
the budget was only $ 999,999 . 
`` UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN means , '' mr. mcdonough says . 
the fund 's lawyers work in an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN trees . 
economists and administrators sit along a `` boulevard '' with street UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN trees . 
in offices , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
offices with outside windows have inside windows , too , to let in more real UNKNOWN . 
`` we proved a healthy office does n't cost more , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , executive director of the fund . 
it `` really looks beautiful and is very light , '' says ann UNKNOWN , a free-lance writer who has visited the office for lunch meetings . 
but , she says , `` i guess i did n't really notice the trees . 
maybe they were hidden by all the people . '' 
neither the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN nor the paul stuart UNKNOWN reflects much of mr. mcdonough 's environmental concern . 
the restaurant was UNKNOWN as a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN . '' 
it makes extensive use of UNKNOWN steel , silver and aluminum that sets off black granite table tops and a gray UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN floors . 
to more than replace the wood from two english UNKNOWN used for UNKNOWN at paul stuart , however , mr. mcdonough and friends UNKNOWN 9,999 UNKNOWN around the country . 
the ambitious warsaw project still UNKNOWN approval by city officials . 
its developer is a polish american , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he had worked with mr. mcdonough on an earlier project and UNKNOWN him as UNKNOWN for the trade center . 
the center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily UNKNOWN in poland now , for a growing number of UNKNOWN doing business in eastern europe . 
mr. mcdonough thinks of the center as the `` UNKNOWN tower of warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the UNKNOWN of poland . '' 
if any nation can use UNKNOWN UNKNOWN architecture , it is poland . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice president of world resources institute in washington , d.c. , says that perhaps a quarter of poland 's soil is too UNKNOWN for safe UNKNOWN because of air pollution . 
the pollution is also killing UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN buildings that date back to the middle UNKNOWN . 
the future of the forest remains uncertain . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's company , UNKNOWN ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained . 
after all , mr. UNKNOWN says , `` in poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment . 
they 're more worried about UNKNOWN on the table . 
pittston co. 's third-quarter net income plunged 99 % , reflecting the impact of a prolonged and bitter labor strike at its coal operations . 
net sank to $ 9.9 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 999,999 , or two cents a share , reflecting a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , including $ 9 million , or 99 cents a share , reflecting a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
revenue slipped 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
pittston also owns UNKNOWN 's inc. , the security service , and burlington air express , the air-freight concern . 
in addition to expected losses tied to the labor strike , the coal group has spent almost $ 99 million since the strike began for security , the company said . 
as a result , the group 's third-quarter loss widened to $ 9.9 million from the second quarter 's $ 9.9 million . 
pittston continues to hire replacement workers , the company said . 
burlington 's operating profit grew to $ 9.9 million from $ 9.9 million a year earlier , pittston said . 
while `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to UNKNOWN burlington air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , pittston said . 
UNKNOWN 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , pittston closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ? 
as they UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN toward election day two weeks from tomorrow , both democrat david dinkins and republican rudolph giuliani are in trouble . 
mr. dinkins , the manhattan UNKNOWN president , can afford more UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN because he holds a comfortable 99-point lead in most of the UNKNOWN polls . 
but , in the past 99 days , he has taken a series of body UNKNOWN to his pride and his reputation that could UNKNOWN affect his ability to govern this tumultuous city should he become new york 's first black mayor . 
ordinarily , a UNKNOWN opponent would find a way to UNKNOWN on the other side 's UNKNOWN . 
but mr. giuliani , a UNKNOWN prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city . 
and now , at the crucial moment , he 's running out of money . 
this is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's UNKNOWN urban UNKNOWN . 
democrats hoped that mr. dinkins could become a highly visible national leader . 
republicans figured that in mr. giuliani , the nation 's UNKNOWN prosecutor , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star . 
but it has n't worked out that way . 
`` dinkins is a decent but UNKNOWN guy , '' says david UNKNOWN , veteran campaign consultant here who has always worked for mayor edward UNKNOWN , defeated by mr. dinkins in the sept. 99 democratic primary . 
`` the alternative -- giuliani -- is UNKNOWN . '' 
`` i guess we 'll UNKNOWN go ahead and do it , vote for dinkins , '' says richard wade , a politically active professor who supported richard UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN in the democratic primary . 
`` there 's nothing on the other side . '' 
`` we 're picking up steam , '' insists roger ailes , mr. giuliani 's media consultant , whose last big campaign helped put george bush in the white house . 
he adds : `` it just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
but the steam may never reach the engine room . 
for , just as mr. giuliani UNKNOWN on to an issue that has mr. dinkins UNKNOWN , his campaign desperately needs cash to keep mr. ailes 's commercials on the air beyond wednesday or thursday . 
to help out this week , the white house is UNKNOWN chief of staff john sununu and three cabinet members -- hud 's jack kemp , transportation 's samuel skinner and treasury 's nicholas brady , according to peter powers , the giuliani campaign manager . 
for republicans who began this campaign with such high hopes , all of this is deeply UNKNOWN . 
historically , new york is almost always in trouble . 
but the trouble it faces now under democratic rule seems bigger and more UNKNOWN than anything it has faced in the past . 
this year , the city faces a budget deficit that could become even bigger next year . 
and hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one UNKNOWN group UNKNOWN with another . 
`` people were n't so happy in the 9999s , '' says thomas UNKNOWN , another local professor and the UNKNOWN of the legendary UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the city 's fusion mayor who built a coalition mr. giuliani hopes to UNKNOWN . 
`` but , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other . '' 
the 99-year-old mr. dinkins , an UNKNOWN , has served as the city clerk and as manhattan UNKNOWN president , a job with limited executive responsibilities 
( `` i UNKNOWN you to come up with one major UNKNOWN of david dinkins , '' says mr. giuliani . ) 
he defeated the UNKNOWN mr. UNKNOWN in the democratic primary partly because he seemed to offer hope he could UNKNOWN the city 's racial and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
his UNKNOWN campaign is almost UNKNOWN , all UNKNOWN pictures and UNKNOWN words . 
his theme is UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , bringing new york together again . 
both candidates are negotiating about holding UNKNOWN , but mr. dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for UNKNOWN them . 
the 99-year-old mr. giuliani has run a negative campaign to pick up votes leaning to mr. dinkins . 
`` he 's got to get dinkins 's UNKNOWN up , '' says lee UNKNOWN , director of the UNKNOWN college institute of public opinion . 
`` but our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff . 
why , even 99 % of the republican vote is going to dinkins . '' 
`` it 's UNKNOWN politics , '' says john UNKNOWN , mr. dinkins 's issues director , insisting there is a strong UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to the giuliani effort . 
for the giuliani forces , it 's a UNKNOWN . 
on the one hand , mr. giuliani wants to cut into mr. dinkins 's credibility . 
on the other , he seeks to convince voters he 's the new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and ready to lead new york out of the mess it 's in . 
it has n't helped that he 's UNKNOWN on abortion and UNKNOWN rights , sought the support of both the liberal and conservative parties ( he won the liberal UNKNOWN ) and that he turned to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN mason for help with jewish voters . 
mr. mason left the campaign after telling reporters mr. dinkins is `` a UNKNOWN ' with a UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN word for a black person . 
mr. dinkins concedes nothing in his ability to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
he can match UNKNOWN mason with his own robert `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN , an angry street UNKNOWN who was convicted of UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
the dinkins campaign paid mr. UNKNOWN close to $ 99,999 to get out the vote on UNKNOWN day . 
paper work on how it was spent is incomplete . 
mr. UNKNOWN has been charged with being UNKNOWN . 
asked about that the other day , he UNKNOWN , `` UNKNOWN ? 
i 'm UNKNOWN . '' 
more troubling for mr. dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
it began in 9999 , when he was being considered for deputy mayor , and a routine check UNKNOWN the extraordinary fact that he had n't paid his income tax for the previous four years . 
`` i was always going to do it tomorrow , '' he explained at the time . 
and now he 's UNKNOWN trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in inner city broadcasting co. , headed by his old friend and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , to his son , david dinkins jr. , for $ 99,999 . 
he had valued the shares at more than $ 9 million two years earlier . 
he says he sold the stock to avoid UNKNOWN problems in his role as a voting member of the city 's board of estimate . 
he says his son has n't paid for the shares . 
`` it looks like serious tax UNKNOWN , '' says mr. ailes , the giuliani media consultant . 
`` it follows the same pattern as his tax returns . 
he UNKNOWN to talk about it until after he gets caught . '' 
`` he simply has n't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $ 99,999 two years later , '' says mr. powers , the giuliani campaign manager . 
`` it 's UNKNOWN for him to suggest it 's the difference between UNKNOWN ' value of the shares and their market value . '' 
so far though , no one -- not even former u.s. attorney giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law mr. dinkins has broken or just what tax he has UNKNOWN . 
`` the crime goes to character , '' says ron UNKNOWN , a consultant to the giuliani campaign . 
`` it 's serious stuff . 
he UNKNOWN and ducks . 
he 's had a history of UNKNOWN and this is the latest chapter . '' 
`` it makes people think , maybe this guy is n't so UNKNOWN clean after all , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , mayor UNKNOWN 's media consultant . 
`` the result may turn out to be a lot closer than people think . 
the UNKNOWN scandal surrounding the 9999 collapse of banco ambrosiano was UNKNOWN by the arrest last week of UNKNOWN businessman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on fraud charges . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN mr. UNKNOWN and several other people of trying to UNKNOWN 9.9 billion lire ( $ 999,999 ) from the vatican in return for documents contained in the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the ambrosiano chairman found UNKNOWN under london 's UNKNOWN 's bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse . 
banco ambrosiano , which was italy 's largest private-sector bank , collapsed in 9999 with $ 9.9 billion of debts . 
most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in panama and UNKNOWN that were owned , directly or indirectly , by the vatican bank . 
the vatican , which denies any wrongdoing , paid $ 999 million to the milan bank 's creditors as a `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' in 9999 . 
italian news reports said mr. UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN obtained 9.9 billion lire in checks from a vatican official , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
italian papers speculated the UNKNOWN contained papers either UNKNOWN the vatican bank from blame in the scandal , or showing that the bank , known as the UNKNOWN per UNKNOWN UNKNOWN di UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN funds to east bloc groups such as solidarity in poland . 
neither mr. UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN nor vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend . 
this business trust company said its board elected UNKNOWN e. UNKNOWN , a consultant to drexel burnham lambert group inc. , as chief executive officer , a new post , and as president . 
mr. UNKNOWN succeeds richard d. UNKNOWN , who will remain as a consultant to the company . 
both men were UNKNOWN to comment . 
the company also named michael e. UNKNOWN , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant seat of chairman . 
britain 's serious fraud office said it will investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged UNKNOWN contracts at ferranti international signal plc 's international signal & control unit . 
the investigation , which will be UNKNOWN with one already under way in the u.s. , follows the discovery of what ferranti has called a `` serious '' fraud involving its u.s. subsidiary . 
international signal & control , UNKNOWN , pa. , a UNKNOWN manufacturer , was bought by ferranti in 9999 for # 999 million ( $ 999.9 million ) . 
ferranti has said that it would be forced to write off # 999 million against the UNKNOWN contracts , reducing its net asset value by more than half . 
the serious fraud office , a division of london 's metropolitan police responsible for investigating financial crimes , said its work would take in `` allegations of fraud prior to , surrounding and subsequent to the merger . '' 
ferranti said that it UNKNOWN the investigation and that it will `` cooperate fully . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , ferranti 's chairman , has said he hoped to pursue legal action against those responsible . 
the british defense electronics group has said it will sell # 999 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
chicago businessmen UNKNOWN m. lee and peter UNKNOWN signed a new agreement to purchase the denver UNKNOWN basketball team , but not as principal owners . 
on saturday , the partners said the team would be purchased for $ 99 million by a new group including comsat video enterprises inc. , a unit of communications satellite corp. based here . 
comsat video will pay $ 99 million for a 99.9 % interest , with messrs. lee and UNKNOWN putting up $ 9 million for a 99.9 % stake in the team . 
under terms of the sale , UNKNOWN owner UNKNOWN UNKNOWN could receive up to $ 99 million in additional payments from the franchise 's future earnings . 
messrs. lee and UNKNOWN last july announced a deal that would have made them the first black principal owners of a major professional sports franchise . 
but the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing . 
comsat video is headed by robert UNKNOWN , who resigned his no. 9 executive post with turner broadcasting system inc. just two weeks ago to take the comsat position . 
comsat video , which distributes UNKNOWN programs to hotel rooms , plans to add UNKNOWN games to their offerings , as mr. turner did successfully with his atlanta UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN sports teams . 
messrs. lee and UNKNOWN will manage the UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN affairs . 
royal business group inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging realist inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' royal from acquiring realist . 
royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 9 % stake in realist . 
royal contends that realist failed to disclose material information , including realist 's negotiations to acquire UNKNOWN laser UNKNOWN ag , to stockholders prior to realist 's june 9 annual meeting . 
royal 's suit contends that the UNKNOWN acquisition was `` designed to UNKNOWN management and UNKNOWN royal 's offer . '' 
royal withdrew its offer to buy realist , a maker of optical and electronic products based in UNKNOWN falls , UNKNOWN , for $ 99.99 a share in july after realist disclosed the UNKNOWN purchase . 
the suit seeks `` in excess of $ 999,999 in damages . '' 
a realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it . 
winnebago industries inc. , battered by a UNKNOWN slowdown in UNKNOWN vehicle industry sales , reported a widened fourth-quarter loss and slashed its dividend in half . 
the forest city , iowa , maker of motor homes said it had a loss of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the quarter ended aug. 99 . 
a year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 9.9 million , or six cents a share . 
the cut in the dividend to 99 cents a share UNKNOWN , from 99 cents , `` would indicate to me they do n't see the problems being fixed real quick , '' said frank UNKNOWN , an analyst at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. in minneapolis . 
indeed , winnebago said it started `` several promotional programs '' to spur retail sales in the fall and winter . 
the year was already UNKNOWN up as a difficult one for the UNKNOWN vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and van UNKNOWN . 
with the exception of van UNKNOWN , the industry has seen a decline from 9999 's robust sales . 
but the rate of the decline UNKNOWN in august , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 99.9 % from a year earlier , according to the recreation vehicle industry association . 
at winnebago , sales for the quarter fell 9 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year earlier . 
the company attributed the decline to consumers ' concern over interest rates and gas prices -- two key expenses for UNKNOWN buyers . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN discretionary purchase , '' said robert UNKNOWN , who follows the industry for merrill lynch & co . 
`` so when there 's talk and concern about the economy , it 's not unreasonable for a portion of the buying public to UNKNOWN purchases . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN expects industry UNKNOWN sales for all of 9999 to fall about 9 % from 9999 , when sales of 999,999 units were the highest since 9999 . 
and he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year . 
but he said the industry has `` a good decade ahead , '' particularly if aging baby boomers UNKNOWN the industry 's UNKNOWN by buying UNKNOWN . 
winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its UNKNOWN motor home business tumbled 99 % industrywide in august , and 99.9 % in the first eight months of the year . 
the company said it also suffered in the quarter from incentive programs , losses from UNKNOWN a motor home line and costs of developing a new commercial vehicle , among other things . 
the news sent winnebago stock falling 99.9 cents , to $ 9.99 , in new york stock exchange composite trading - a 99-week low . 
the dividend cut will prove most costly for john k. hanson , winnebago 's founder and chairman . 
based on his control of about 99 % of winnebago 's 99.9 million shares , his annual dividend income would be cut to about $ 9.9 million from $ 9.9 million . 
for the year , winnebago had a loss of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , following profit of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales rose 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
bullish bond market sentiment is on the rise again . 
as the government UNKNOWN to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative . 
and that , they say , will be good for bonds . 
`` recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity , '' said UNKNOWN platt , director of economic research at donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities . 
mr. platt is advising clients that `` the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward . '' 
analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the oct. 99 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the federal reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
that would be UNKNOWN to fixed-income investors , many of whom were badly burned in the third quarter by incorrectly assuming that the fed would ease . 
investors rushed to buy bonds during the summer as prices soared on speculation that interest rates would continue to fall . 
but when it became clear that rates had UNKNOWN and that the fed 's UNKNOWN policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled . 
long-term bonds have performed UNKNOWN this year . 
for example , a group of long-term treasury bonds tracked by merrill lynch & co. produced a total return of 9 % in the first quarter , 99.99 % in the second quarter and UNKNOWN % in the third quarter . 
total return is price changes plus interest income . 
now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold and UNKNOWN , and they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins . 
among other things , economists note that consumer spending is slowing , corporate profit margins are being squeezed , business confidence is slipping and construction and manufacturing industries are depressed . 
at the same time , last week 's consumer price index showed that inflation is UNKNOWN . 
add it all up and it means `` that the fed has a little UNKNOWN to ease its credit policy stance without the risk of UNKNOWN inflation , '' said norman robertson , chief economist at mellon bank corp. , pittsburgh . 
`` i think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 9 9\/9 % in the next two weeks and 9 % by year end . '' 
the federal funds rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in the fed 's credit policy . 
economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the fed from around 9 % , where it had been since july , to about 9 9\/9 % in early october on the heels of a weak employment report . 
although the rate briefly drifted even lower following the stock market sell-off that occurred oct. 99 , it ended friday at about 9 99\/99 % . 
james UNKNOWN , chief fixed-income strategist at merrill lynch , is UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities , which he says should benefit more quickly than UNKNOWN bonds as interest rates fall . 
`` given our forecast for lower rates , purchases made now should prove quite rewarding before year end , '' he said . 
mr. UNKNOWN also likes long-term , investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term treasurys . 
he says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities . 
`` if the { tennessee valley authority } sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for UNKNOWN , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , '' he said . 
tva , in its first public debt offering in 99 years , sold $ 9 billion of long-term and UNKNOWN securities last week . 
strong investor demand prompted the utility to boost the size of the issue from $ 9 billion . 
tva , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation owned by the federal government . 
but UNKNOWN investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the u.s. government will auction more than $ 99 billion of new securities . 
today , the treasury department will sell $ 99.9 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction . 
tomorrow , the treasury will sell $ 99 billion of two-year notes . 
resolution funding corp. , known as refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to UNKNOWN out the nation 's troubled savings and loan UNKNOWN , will hold its first bond auction wednesday , when it will sell $ 9.9 billion of 99-year bonds . 
all of this comes ahead of the government 's big quarterly refunding of the federal debt , which takes place sometime in november . 
so far , investors have n't shown much appetite for refcorp 's initial bond offering . 
roger early , a portfolio manager at federated investors corp. , said that yields on the so-called bailout bonds are n't high enough to attract his attention . 
`` why should i bother with something that 's an unknown for a very small pickup in yield ? '' he said . 
`` i 'm not going to jump on them the first day they come out . '' 
he seems to be typical of many professional money managers . 
when the size of the refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began , the bailout bonds were yielding about 9\/99 percentage point more than the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond . 
on friday , the yield was quoted at about 9\/9 percentage point higher than the benchmark bond , an indication of weak demand . 
some economists believe that yields on all treasury securities may rise this week as the market UNKNOWN to absorb the new supply . 
but once the new securities are UNKNOWN , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data . 
`` the supply is not a UNKNOWN to the market , '' said samuel UNKNOWN , chief financial economist at kleinwort benson government securities inc . 
`` if one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . '' 
friday 's market activity 
most bond prices fell on concerns about this week 's new supply and disappointment that stock prices did n't stage a sharp decline . 
junk bond prices moved higher , however . 
in early trading , treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among japanese investors would continue . 
also providing support to treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks . 
those hopes were UNKNOWN when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance . 
treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 9\/9 point , or about $ 9.99 for each $ 9,999 face amount . 
the benchmark 99-year bond , which traded as high as 999 9\/9 during the day , ended at 999 99\/99 . 
the yield on the benchmark bond rose slightly to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
in the corporate bond market , traders said the new-issue market for junk bonds is likely to pick up following chicago & north western acquisition corp. 's $ 999 million junk bond offering friday . 
today , for example , underwriters at morgan stanley & co. said they expect to price a $ 999 million , 99-year senior subordinated debenture offering by imo industries inc . 
traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 99 % . 
shearson lehman hutton inc. said that a $ 999 million senior subordinated discount debenture issue by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN drugs is expected by the end of the month . 
however , despite the big new-issue calendar , many junk bond investors and analysts are skeptical the deals will get done . 
`` there are about a dozen more deals coming , '' said michael UNKNOWN , director of fixed-income research at kemper financial services inc . 
`` if they had this much trouble with chicago & north western , they are going to have an awful time with the rest . '' 
last week , underwriters were forced to UNKNOWN three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
and pressure by big investors forced donaldson lufkin & jenrette securities corp. to UNKNOWN chicago & north western 's $ 999 million junk bond offering . 
after hours of negotiating that stretched late into thursday night , underwriters priced the 99-year issue of UNKNOWN senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 99.99 % , higher than the 99.9 % that had been expected . 
the coupon on the issue will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 999 . 
however , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset is 99.99 % . 
debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 99 % of the common stock in chicago & north western 's parent company . 
`` the coupon was raised to UNKNOWN some of the big players on the UNKNOWN to come in , '' said a spokesman for donaldson . 
`` we put a price on the deal that the market required to get it done . '' 
the spokesman said the issue was sold out and met with strong interest abroad , particularly from japanese investors . 
in the secondary , or UNKNOWN , market , junk bonds closed 9\/9 point higher , while investment-grade corporate bonds fell 9\/9 to 9\/9 point . 
sotheby 's inc. 's gamble in the UNKNOWN business appears to have paid off . 
the new york arm of the london-based auction house auctioned off the estate of john t. dorrance jr. , the campbell 's soup co. heir , for $ 999 million last week , a record for a UNKNOWN art collection . 
that total was below the $ 999 million the auction house estimated the collection might sell for , but was enough to ensure that an unprecedented financial arrangement sotheby 's had made with the dorrance family proved profitable to the auction house . 
sotheby 's provided the dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 999 million , and as much as $ 999 million , to obtain the collection , people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold . 
the dorrance estate , auctioned off in a series of sales held over four days , included UNKNOWN , furniture and paintings . 
an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , auctioned last wednesday , UNKNOWN $ 99.9 million , a world record for the artist . 
in addition , a handful of paintings from the dorrance collection remain to be sold at sotheby 's annual old UNKNOWN paintings auction in january . 
the better business bureau of san diego and the state attorney general 's office entered into a settlement stemming from an investigation of UNKNOWN business directories published by an outside firm , better book inc . 
the settlement stems from charges that better book , now UNKNOWN , made UNKNOWN in selling advertising for the directories and UNKNOWN in the bureau from 9999 to 9999 . 
without admitting any UNKNOWN , the bureau agreed to several conditions if it again contracts with an outside firm to publish its directories . 
the conditions include not UNKNOWN how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to UNKNOWN advertisers if any UNKNOWN are involved in the sale . 
the attorney general 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry california UNKNOWN that they were UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN project contracted by better book . 
the UNKNOWN led to the closing of the los angeles better business bureau in late 9999 . 
mccaw cellular communications inc. said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its offer for 99.9 % of lin broadcasting corp . 
morgan UNKNOWN trust , UNKNOWN bank and UNKNOWN national bank , an affiliate of UNKNOWN financial corp. , jointly committed $ 9.9 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , mccaw said . 
further , mccaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 9.9 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks . 
morgan , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN are leading that syndicate . 
mccaw is offering to buy 99 million shares of lin for $ 999 each in cash , which would result in mccaw owning 99.9 % of the UNKNOWN and broadcasting concern . 
the offer is in UNKNOWN , however , because lin has agreed to merge its UNKNOWN businesses with bellsouth corp . 
in national over-the-counter trading friday , lin shares rose 99.9 cents to close at $ 999.999 . 
beijing lawmakers have called for UNKNOWN to be built to house UNKNOWN and for severe UNKNOWN , including the death sentence , for anyone who UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN women into UNKNOWN . 
the official UNKNOWN news agency said the municipal government was discussing a draft bill to give the capital its first UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it quoted UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , deputy director of the beijing public security bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in UNKNOWN now than in 9999 , when there were about 999 cases . 
foreigners involved in UNKNOWN will be UNKNOWN according to the law , and those with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN diseases will be UNKNOWN from the country , according to the regulations . 
the communists nearly succeeded in eliminating UNKNOWN after taking over in 9999 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world . 
japan agreed to enforce a decision by an international UNKNOWN conference to ban all trade in ivory , a spokesman for the ministry of international trade and industry said . 
earlier , japan had said it might file a UNKNOWN against the ivory ban decided by UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN united nations conference on international trade in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in switzerland last week . 
the japanese use 99 % of the world 's ivory . 
italy should close the leaning tower of UNKNOWN because it 's a danger to tourists , UNKNOWN experts said . 
`` in some places the UNKNOWN is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off , '' scientists and technicians said in a report to public works minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
each year , nearly a million people pay about $ 9 to make the UNKNOWN climb up 999 steps to the top of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN tower . 
east germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit UNKNOWN . 
trade and supply minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said in a letter published in the youth daily UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that the rise in alcohol consumption in east germany had been halted ; but to reduce it further , he said , production and supply of other UNKNOWN , including fruit UNKNOWN , should be stepped up . 
he added that shops will have to continue reducing their stocks of liquor and avoid UNKNOWN them too UNKNOWN in the window . 
hong kong has built a UNKNOWN center for illegal UNKNOWN from china because china has refused for the past two weeks to accept them back . 
the center , close to hong kong 's border with china , will be ready today and will be able to house 9,999 UNKNOWN , police deputy director peter UNKNOWN said . 
the dispute started when china , angry that hong kong had allowed dissident UNKNOWN yang yang to UNKNOWN to the u.s. , halted the usual daily transfer of illegal UNKNOWN caught in this british colony , which UNKNOWN to beijing 's control in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN under the glare of newly installed television lights , british members of parliament demanded a halt to the experimental UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
a group of senior conservative legislators , complaining the house of UNKNOWN was like a UNKNOWN , demanded that the experiment be stopped unless the intensity of the lights is reduced . 
one conservative UNKNOWN , david UNKNOWN , said : `` i should have a wonderful UNKNOWN by christmas . '' 
UNKNOWN are due to be broadcast nationally starting nov. 99 in a six-month experiment . 
a majority of japanese banks are said to be wary of making new loans to mexico under the brady plan because they 're uncertain the mexican economy will remain stable . 
instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , japanese banking officials said . 
the plan , proposed by u.s. secretary of state nicholas brady , calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate on those existing loans . 
the officials said that most japanese banks prefer the losses they 'd suffer in either of the latter options to the risk of new lending . 
but an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other third world nations , further write-offs could be viewed as UNKNOWN . 
`` they ca n't take the hit '' to their earnings , he said . 
as a result , the official said , they may be forced into a UNKNOWN situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later . 
a poll in UNKNOWN south korea put UNKNOWN thatcher first on a list of UNKNOWN foreign leaders . 
the british prime minister was the only woman singled out by respondents , who put soviet president mikhail gorbachev in second place ... . 
the soviet newspaper UNKNOWN reported that UNKNOWN mouse will appear in a UNKNOWN comic book to be issued four times a year by soviet publisher UNKNOWN i sport and UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN group . 
the comic book will cost about $ 9 . 
ekco group inc. , UNKNOWN , n.h. , expects to report that net income in the third quarter , ended oct. 9 , fell 99 % to 99 % from $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
robert stein , president and chief executive officer , attributed the expected decline partly to the effects of a UNKNOWN strike last month at the company 's UNKNOWN , ohio , UNKNOWN facility . 
UNKNOWN orders in early september also played a role , he said in an interview . 
but mr. stein said he is `` reasonably confident '' that earnings for the full year will exceed the $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in 9999 . 
that would require fourth-quarter net of more than about 99 cents to 99 cents a share , assuming that mr. stein 's third-quarter estimate UNKNOWN accurate . 
in the year-earlier fourth quarter , the company had profit of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
third-quarter revenue is expected to be $ 99 million to $ 99 million , up from $ 99.9 million a year earlier , according to neil gordon , treasurer . 
the year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's UNKNOWN corp. unit , acquired last january , but include some canadian operations that were sold at the end of 9999 . 
august through october traditionally is the busiest season for the UNKNOWN business , as many retailers use the goods as autumn promotional items . 
mr. stein said some retailers -- perhaps anxious about UNKNOWN inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in september but have been ordering more heavily in october . 
mr. stein said UNKNOWN is `` marginally profitable '' but has n't performed as well as expected . 
UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN products are `` doing very well , '' and its plastic UNKNOWN products `` are UNKNOWN for growth , '' he said . 
but the unit 's third segment , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , is suffering from a `` depressed market , '' and ekco is seeking to sell that segment , he said . 
mr. stein said he expects profit to be higher in 9999 than in 9999 , reflecting a number of measures taken since the acquisition of ekco UNKNOWN in late 9999 . 
( prior to acquiring the UNKNOWN business , the company was known as UNKNOWN corp. ; UNKNOWN had been a maker of computer printers , but mr. stein and other officers decided to sell that business after japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . ) 
mr. stein said tighter operating controls have enabled ekco to reduce inventory levels 99 % to 99 % ; improve UNKNOWN delivery of orders to about 99 % from around 99 % ; and to lower the number of labor hours required to produce a unit . 
by moving the design of new products UNKNOWN -- instead of UNKNOWN out the work -- the company also has been able to come up with designs that can be manufactured more UNKNOWN , he said . 
in addition to those measures , the company spent heavily earlier this year to install displays at its customers ' retail outlets -- a strategy that mr. stein said has helped bolster UNKNOWN of the company 's brands . 
ekco 's UNKNOWN operation makes kitchen tools and UNKNOWN , as well as UNKNOWN , at factories in the u.s. and canada . 
the main issue in the strike at the ohio facility was health-care benefits , mr. stein said . 
the strike ended UNKNOWN . 
ekco continues to seek further acquisitions in the UNKNOWN industry , mr. stein said . 
he indicated that ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 99 million to $ 999 million , partly because mass UNKNOWN increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers . 
after several years of booming business with china , foreign traders are bracing for the biggest slump in a decade . 
the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN measures , starting last october , already had begun to UNKNOWN when the massacre in UNKNOWN square on june 9 and subsequent events UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN far tighter . 
foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then , UNKNOWN liquidity and UNKNOWN many projects . 
and beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies , leaving many domestic buyers and UNKNOWN plants strapped for cash . 
UNKNOWN far east ltd. , a swiss concern that sells chemicals to UNKNOWN and soap factories in china , UNKNOWN the problems . 
last year 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN up the working capital of chinese factories . 
the company 's sales UNKNOWN during 9999 's first half . 
the june killings UNKNOWN the problems . 
in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's representative office received no orders in june . 
at first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were UNKNOWN in august and september , manager donald UNKNOWN became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
`` things have grown worse since june 9 , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
he predicts that sales will drop between 99 % and 99 % from last year 's $ 9 million . 
the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN sectors are bearing the UNKNOWN of china 's UNKNOWN measures , and foreign companies such as UNKNOWN that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest . 
but in general , all UNKNOWN companies are feeling the UNKNOWN . 
`` the import pie will UNKNOWN , '' says john UNKNOWN , first vice president of the american chamber of commerce in hong kong and a china trade specialist . 
`` on the down side , sales could fall as much as 99 % for some companies ; on the upper side , sales will be flat . '' 
china 's foreign trade has gone in UNKNOWN during the past decade . 
the last time that traders experienced a trough was during 9999-99 , when beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and UNKNOWN foreign exchange . 
the current trough is expected to be much deeper , because beijing has cut off domestic funds from factories for the first time to slow inflation . 
in addition , the suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the june killings have been a big setback . 
`` the UNKNOWN on new lending is dealing the single biggest blow to trading , '' says raymond UNKNOWN , china manager for UNKNOWN ag , a west german UNKNOWN company . 
import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 99 % in july and 9.9 % in august , compared with an average growth rate of 99 % in the first half . 
in the first eight months of 9999 , imports grew 99 % , to $ 99.99 billion , down slightly from a growth rate of 99 % a year earlier . 
the picture for china 's exports is just as bleak , mainly because of the domestic credit squeeze . 
exports in the first eight months grew only 9 % , to $ 99.99 billion , compared with a growth rate of 99 % a year earlier , according to chinese customs figures . 
the threat to china 's balance of payments is further UNKNOWN by the plunge in its foreign-exchange reserves , excluding gold holdings . 
the reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 99 billion in june from $ 99 billion in april . 
the trend has prompted beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports . 
in recent weeks , china 's leaders have UNKNOWN trading in UNKNOWN and scores of chemical products and commodities . 
the ministry of foreign economic relations and trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses . 
beijing 's periodic UNKNOWN on imports have taught many trading companies that the best way to get through the drought is by helping china export . 
for example , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , one of the biggest japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from china as it sells to that country . 
three years ago , the ratio was UNKNOWN . 
but the strategy is n't helping much this time . 
`` both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , general manager of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN office . 
he expects the company 's trading business to drop as much as 99 % this year . 
for a short time after june 9 , it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright . 
many foreign trading offices in hong kong were UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN and telephone calls from chinese trade officials urging them not to UNKNOWN ties . 
even the bank of china , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to UNKNOWN rumors about the bank 's financial health . 
but when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the UNKNOWN of chinese trade officials was just a UNKNOWN . 
the suspension of foreign loans has weakened the buying power of china 's national trading companies , which are among the country 's biggest UNKNOWN . 
business is n't any better on the UNKNOWN or municipal level , foreign traders say . 
UNKNOWN investment & trust co. , known as UNKNOWN , is the city 's main financier for trading business . 
UNKNOWN had UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . 
foreign traders say the company is strapped for cash . 
`` it has difficulties paying its foreign debts , '' says a hong kong executive who is familiar with UNKNOWN 's business . 
`` how can it make available funds for purchases ? '' 
foreign traders also say many of china 's big UNKNOWN projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . 
albert lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 99 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
`` there are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , '' he says . 
even when new lending UNKNOWN , foreign exchange would still be tight because beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 99 % and 99 % in the past few years . 
and foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about UNKNOWN new loans because china is UNKNOWN a peak UNKNOWN period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is that beijing has extended the current UNKNOWN on imports beyond the usual target of consumer products to include steel , chemical UNKNOWN and plastics . 
these have been among the country 's leading imports , particularly last year when there were shortages that led many traders to buy heavily and pay UNKNOWN . 
but the shortages also spawned UNKNOWN speculation and UNKNOWN prices . 
to stem speculation , beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year . 
traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on UNKNOWN and are holding onto their stock . 
the resulting UNKNOWN has depressed the market . 
but beijing ca n't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without UNKNOWN the country 's export business . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the china trade expert , estimates that as much as 99 % of UNKNOWN 's exports is made up of processed imported raw materials . 
oil spill case shows liability fund UNKNOWN 
an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN dispute stemming from an alaskan oil spill has helped spur a drive for tougher federal laws to protect victims of such UNKNOWN . 
the class-action suit UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN pipeline liability fund , which gets its money from oil companies using the pipeline and UNKNOWN those UNKNOWN by oil UNKNOWN . 
on july 9 , 9999 , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bay struck a rock and UNKNOWN almost 999,999 UNKNOWN of oil into the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
commercial UNKNOWN and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has UNKNOWN to more than $ 999.9 million . 
defendants include british petroleum america ; UNKNOWN corp. , the UNKNOWN ; and the pipeline liability fund . 
the fund was created by the UNKNOWN pipeline act , which provides that the owner or operator of a UNKNOWN involved in an oil spill must pay the first $ 99 million in damages . 
the fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $ 99 million . 
the fund 's purpose is to provide quick and adequate relief . 
but the UNKNOWN bay case , the fund 's first test , shows how easily the fund can be UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN corp. is UNKNOWN liability . 
it claims the coast guard failed to chart the rock and refuses to pay damages . 
that means the fund is n't UNKNOWN to pay anything , at least so far . 
the oil pollution act , scheduled to come up for a vote in congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 99 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek UNKNOWN from the owner or operator of the UNKNOWN , says a spokesman for rep. george miller ( d. , calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
the spokesman says the `` UNKNOWN '' in the statute is `` the worst kind of UNKNOWN . '' 
many law school UNKNOWN find classes never end 
recent law school UNKNOWN are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class . 
bar UNKNOWN and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school . 
`` law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of practical UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head of a new york county lawyers ' association committee that sponsors such a course . 
in the past , associates learned the UNKNOWN from senior lawyers who acted as UNKNOWN . 
but these days , large firms hire as many as 99 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to UNKNOWN train everyone , says joel UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
the UNKNOWN course UNKNOWN students to brush up on UNKNOWN skills by role playing in UNKNOWN deals . 
students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect . 
many law firms sponsor their own programs . 
at the baltimore firm of UNKNOWN & green , new corporate and banking associates are required to UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN course . 
partners UNKNOWN on how to form corporations , draft agreements and defend clients against unwanted tender offers . 
now , clients know that new associates have had some practical training before working on their cases , says james j. UNKNOWN , a partner at the firm . 
los angeles creates a UNKNOWN for kids 
the children of los angeles will soon have their own $ 99 million UNKNOWN . 
the building , which will handle child abuse , UNKNOWN and foster care cases , will be `` less formal , less threatening and just basically less grim than most UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman of the los angeles county board of supervisors . 
designs call for an UNKNOWN structure with a UNKNOWN in the center . 
there will be recreation and movie rooms . 
UNKNOWN will be able to listen to music with UNKNOWN . 
study UNKNOWN , complete with reference materials , will be available . 
and there will be a UNKNOWN 's station and rooms for children to meet with social workers . 
the building 's 99 UNKNOWN will be smaller , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a court administrator . 
the bench will be lower so the judge seems less UNKNOWN , and walls will be painted in bright UNKNOWN and covered with UNKNOWN . 
cases in los angeles county involving dependent children are usually heard in the criminal courts building . 
`` we need to get the kids away from the criminals into a less UNKNOWN environment , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
about 99,999 children in los angeles county are under court supervision , mr. UNKNOWN says , and an average of 9,999 new children are added each month . 
the UNKNOWN , to be built in UNKNOWN park , is expected to open in the spring of 9999 . 
law firm management can be quite rewarding 
it pays to follow a management career path -- even at law firms . 
that 's the conclusion of a recent study of large law firms conducted by UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc. , an UNKNOWN , pa. , law firm consultant . 
its survey of 99 firms , each with 999 to 9,999 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 999,999 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 9999 fiscal years . 
managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time UNKNOWN their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law . 
partners in the survey who UNKNOWN most of their time to practicing law earned an average of about $ 999,999 . 
chairman UNKNOWN whitten ( d. , miss . ) of the house appropriations committee proposed a $ 9.99 billion emergency funding package to assist california 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and extend further aid to east coast victims of hurricane hugo . 
the sweeping measure UNKNOWN $ 999 million in small-business loans , $ 9 billion in UNKNOWN funds and $ 9.99 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to president bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
the funds would be attached to a UNKNOWN spending bill required to keep most of the government operating past wednesday . 
the measure is scheduled to be taken up by the appropriations committee today . 
the panel is expected to add provisions UNKNOWN restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the small business administration . 
`` we will support it , we will UNKNOWN him , and we will UNKNOWN it where appropriate , '' said rep. UNKNOWN fazio ( d. , calif . ) . 
dubbed the `` dire emergency UNKNOWN to meet the needs of natural disasters of national significance , '' the measure is vintage whitten in UNKNOWN federal responsibility and in UNKNOWN budget UNKNOWN . 
`` such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , '' the legislation UNKNOWN , and the new obligations `` UNKNOWN not be a charge against the budget act , UNKNOWN , or other UNKNOWN . 
moody 's investors service inc. said it lowered the ratings of some $ 999 million of pinnacle debt because of `` accelerating UNKNOWN in liquidity , '' which it said was UNKNOWN by pinnacle 's elimination of dividend payments . 
henry UNKNOWN jr. , pinnacle executive vice president , said the action `` wo n't really have any effect on us . 
we are n't selling bonds right now , and i do n't think it will affect the value of our existing bonds . '' 
the rating agency said it lowered the ratings on $ 99 million of the holding company 's convertible subordinated UNKNOWN to b-9 from b-9 . 
moody 's said it also lowered the ratings of $ 99 million of pinnacle 's merabank thrift unit long-term deposits to b-9 from b-9 , and on its subordinated debt to ca from UNKNOWN . 
merabank 's rating for short-term deposits remains not prime . 
securities of merabank were placed under review last may , and will remain under review for UNKNOWN , the agency said . 
first , the somewhat affected UNKNOWN of the 9999s . 
then , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the 9999s and 9999s . 
what now ? 
to judge from novels that mirror the contemporary scene , we 're back in the age of anxiety . 
where '99s UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN life and ambitious UNKNOWN hoped to leave it far behind as they UNKNOWN the upper reaches of success , it now seems that so many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks , that UNKNOWN life is viewed with UNKNOWN or outright UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's third novel , `` limited partnerships '' ( north point press , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) is a UNKNOWN , funny and UNKNOWN look at the way love relationships are affected by the pressures of money , or , more specifically , the lack of it . 
nora worth and malcolm UNKNOWN , 99 and 99 respectively , live together in a UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN philadelphia neighborhood . 
malcolm , a former UNKNOWN turned UNKNOWN , has just seen his first big chance at a lucrative commission turn to dust with the arrest of his UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN client , a UNKNOWN real estate developer . 
nora , who still has artistic UNKNOWN , knows she is lucky to be working as a food UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN cold drinks and other UNKNOWN to look as UNKNOWN as possible in front of the camera . 
after all , she reasons , `` there were UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN and degrees from UNKNOWN schools in france who would kill for her job . '' 
but nora and malcolm feel UNKNOWN . 
they seem to be having the `` worst of both UNKNOWN : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; UNKNOWN without fun or profit . '' 
it 's a UNKNOWN , `` UNKNOWN '' world , in which bright , still UNKNOWN people are engaged in a UNKNOWN version of day labor , doing free-lance , UNKNOWN work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be UNKNOWN to do . 
uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives . 
malcolm faces bankruptcy and an irs audit , but nora finds an extra $ 99,999 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some UNKNOWN . 
while she is wondering whether to live it up , and do something even more dramatic , say get married , her life is further complicated by the UNKNOWN of an old UNKNOWN , david , a film critic and actor who always seems to be just on the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
in novels of an earlier vintage , david would have represented UNKNOWN and danger ; malcolm , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN security . 
the irony in this novel is that neither man represents a `` safe '' UNKNOWN haven : nora 's decision is between emotional UNKNOWN and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere . 
the characters UNKNOWN a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a `` middle way '' between the UNKNOWN of success and failure , wealth and poverty . 
in making malcolm and nora such UNKNOWN representative UNKNOWN of their class and generation , ms. UNKNOWN has somewhat neglected the task of making them UNKNOWN individual characters . 
the UNKNOWN of the story owes much to the fact that no UNKNOWN ( even the characters ' own ) are likely to UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but readers may well feel the UNKNOWN of recognition . 
in any case , the UNKNOWN middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for UNKNOWN . 
`` UNKNOWN money '' ( contemporary books , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) , a novel by consultant and business analyst joseph r. UNKNOWN , tells the story of an UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , widely UNKNOWN computer manufacturing company called UNKNOWN as it faces a hostile takeover attempt by UNKNOWN , a much smaller corporation that is so UNKNOWN managed as to constitute a standing UNKNOWN in the business world . 
UNKNOWN , dynamic scott thatcher , founder and head of UNKNOWN , initially finds the takeover threat UNKNOWN . 
but , as he and his skilled team soon discover , they 're up against two factors they had n't counted on : first , a business climate in which a failing company with few assets and many debts can borrow against the assets of the successful company it hopes to acquire in order to finance the takeover ; second , that standing behind UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN consortium of much bigger , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN foreign interests UNKNOWN providing the money and UNKNOWN for the deal . 
mr. UNKNOWN manages to invest this UNKNOWN of financial wars with the UNKNOWN characters and UNKNOWN action of a UNKNOWN novel . 
and like a spy or mystery story , this novel has strong elements of UNKNOWN , as the good and UNKNOWN forces battle it out . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN these moral UNKNOWN with the broad brush UNKNOWN of a satire that occasionally UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN californians , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN union leaders UNKNOWN the force of the author 's perceptions . 
yet the UNKNOWN of the satire also can be effective in a book like this : if the head of UNKNOWN were not UNKNOWN as an utterly UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , we would not much care whether his schemes were defeated , and would not be so diverted in the process . 
ms. UNKNOWN is a free-lance writer based in los angeles . 
high-definition television promises to be the tv of tomorrow , so it is a natural UNKNOWN market . 
although major u.s. manufacturers have all but UNKNOWN the main segment of that future business to japan , not everyone here is ready to give up . 
a handful of small u.s. companies are struggling to develop the technology to build the screens for the thin , high-quality UNKNOWN that are expected to UNKNOWN on living room walls by the end of the 9999s . 
with only small help from the government , these start-up concerns are trying to compete with the UNKNOWN of the japanese consumer electronics industry , which enjoy considerable backing from the japanese government . 
UNKNOWN technology inc. of UNKNOWN , ohio , aims to use a new form of UNKNOWN technology to put UNKNOWN images on a tv display that is 99 inches in UNKNOWN but only a few inches thick . 
UNKNOWN systems inc. of UNKNOWN , ore. , the largest of these firms , with $ 99 million in annual revenue , has similar plans . 
it already has had success in UNKNOWN , another promising technology UNKNOWN for high-definition television . 
two other firms , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN systems inc. of UNKNOWN , mich. , and UNKNOWN corp. of pittsburgh are developing a UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN screens called UNKNOWN liquid UNKNOWN displays . 
the new technologies are intended to retire the UNKNOWN tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional tv set . 
replacing the UNKNOWN tube with a large , thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or hdtv , which is expected to become a $ 99 billion business world-wide within a decade . 
large u.s. companies are interested in other segments of the hdtv business , such as UNKNOWN and broadcast equipment . 
but except for zenith electronics corp. and international business machines corp. , which is UNKNOWN with toshiba on computer displays , they are poorly UNKNOWN to exploit advances in large panels . 
general electric co. recently sold off its interests in UNKNOWN displays to UNKNOWN of france . 
`` we found the market not developing as we thought it would , '' a ge spokesman says . 
the small u.s. firms are UNKNOWN because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be UNKNOWN . 
`` no one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the president of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he says he thinks his company is just a few years from doing that . 
the bush administration , hearing UNKNOWN advice about what its role in hdtv should be , is n't doing much for now . 
the only material support it is UNKNOWN to the struggling u.s. industry is $ 99 million in awards from the pentagon 's defense advanced research projects agency . 
the UNKNOWN funds are a UNKNOWN compared with what japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
the commerce department estimates that japanese government and industry spending on hdtv research is already over $ 9 billion . 
`` unless it gets more help , the u.s. industry wo n't have a chance , '' says peter UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's executive vice president . 
thus far , almost all of the basic technology relating to high-definition television has come from u.s. laboratories . 
but peter brody , UNKNOWN 's president , says japanese companies are UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN the technology and put it to commercial use , just as they did with earlier u.s. UNKNOWN in color television and video recording . 
in the 9999s , mr. brody helped develop the first display panels based on UNKNOWN liquid UNKNOWN at westinghouse electric corp. 's research UNKNOWN in pittsburgh . 
the panels are like UNKNOWN semiconductors surfaced with a million or more picture elements , each contributing to the color and tone of a tv image . 
in 9999 , however , westinghouse abandoned the project along with its stake in advanced television . 
mr. brody left the company to find other UNKNOWN . 
he has a claim to the right to UNKNOWN the westinghouse patents , but he contends that those patents are being UNKNOWN by a number of japanese producers . 
`` most american investors have just given up , '' mr. brody says . 
`` they are n't prepared to compete in an area where the japanese want to enter . '' 
many critics question the industry 's need for federal support ; the pentagon UNKNOWN its help on UNKNOWN grounds . 
`` we do n't see a domestic source for some of our { hdtv } requirements , and that 's a source of concern , '' says michael kelly , director of UNKNOWN 's defense manufacturing office . 
so UNKNOWN is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by UNKNOWN out research funds . 
hdtv already has some military applications , such as creating UNKNOWN flight UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN information to combat UNKNOWN . 
the navy is ordering displays for its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the army wants smaller versions for its UNKNOWN battle tanks . 
the commerce department also is trying to encourage hdtv because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries . 
`` it is n't just UNKNOWN television , '' argues jack UNKNOWN , director of the department 's office of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
`` the industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations and medical UNKNOWN equipment before it acquires a mass consumer market . '' 
although some hdtv advocates are calling for other forms of aid , such as antitrust relief for research UNKNOWN , the small firms simply would prefer more UNKNOWN funds . 
each claims to UNKNOWN the right technology and wants just a bit more money to make it commercial . 
they also want u.s. trade policy to reflect the pentagon and commerce department 's concern over their future . 
they all are strongly opposed to a UNKNOWN from several japanese tv manufacturers , including UNKNOWN , hitachi , and toshiba , to exempt UNKNOWN color tvs with UNKNOWN displays from UNKNOWN duties that the u.s. imposes on the larger japanese color tvs . 
and they want the u.s. to help them sell overseas . 
UNKNOWN president james UNKNOWN says he has to pay tariffs as high as 99 % to sell his display panels in japan and south korea , while panels from those countries enter the u.s. duty-free . 
`` this is n't a technology issue , but an attitude issue , '' he says . 
`` we just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
UNKNOWN oil plc , a british independent oil and UNKNOWN marketing concern , said UNKNOWN holdings n.v. has built up a 9.9 % stake in the company . 
the holding of 99.9 million shares is up from a 9.9 % stake that UNKNOWN announced UNKNOWN held as of last monday . 
UNKNOWN , of the netherlands , which last year merged its north sea oil and gas operations with those of UNKNOWN group plc and which owns 99 % of UNKNOWN , was identified as a possible suitor for UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN said it had n't held any discussions with UNKNOWN and that `` no deal of any nature is in UNKNOWN . 
the top state environmental official in massachusetts said clean harbors inc. 's UNKNOWN statement for a proposed incinerator in UNKNOWN was inadequate . 
the official , john UNKNOWN , asked clean harbors for more information before ruling on a permit for the site . 
critics of the plan , including the town of UNKNOWN , say the incinerator is a health UNKNOWN . 
clean harbors , based in UNKNOWN , said it `` will proceed UNKNOWN '' to submit the data requested . 
alan UNKNOWN , chief executive officer of clean harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's UNKNOWN of clean harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
citizens & southern corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire security pacific corp. 's new york-based UNKNOWN unit . 
terms of the bank holding companies ' agreement were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables . 
citizens , based in atlanta , said it has about $ 9.9 billion in UNKNOWN sales annually ; the security pacific unit has about $ 9.9 billion annually . 
security pacific 's UNKNOWN business works with companies in the apparel , textile and food industries , among others . 
the office of thrift supervision banned UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a former director of the failed vision banc savings association of UNKNOWN , texas , from working in any financial institution insured by the government . 
the office , a treasury department unit that is the successor to the federal home loan bank board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's UNKNOWN legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
generally , regulators have n't announced enforcement actions in the past . 
indeed , the UNKNOWN said that before the law took effect aug. 9 , it banned another `` key vision banc insider '' from insured financial institutions . 
that individual was n't identified . 
vision banc was placed in government conservatorship in march , and it operates under the control of the resolution trust corp. , the agency created to sell or UNKNOWN insolvent thrifts . 
the UNKNOWN did n't say specifically why the action was taken against ms. UNKNOWN . 
however , it said UNKNOWN found a variety of insider dealings at the thrift , including `` extraordinary loan commissions '' paid to a firm associated with vision banc officials , and loans diverted through borrowers back to the thrift officials . 
ms. UNKNOWN could n't be reached for comment . 
arizona instrument corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 999,999 , or 99 cents to 99 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 999,999 , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the UNKNOWN , ariz. , maker of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN systems said the most recent period was affected by customers ' problems UNKNOWN with recent environmental protection agency regulations . 
for the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 999,999 , or 99 cents to 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 9.9 million . 
a year earlier , it had a loss of $ 999,999 or nine cents a share , on revenue of $ 9.9 million . 
growth is good . 
at least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the UNKNOWN stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
they are starting to buy growth stocks . 
remember them ? 
the upper UNKNOWN of this group were shares of the `` UNKNOWN 99 '' companies whose profits of the 9999s and early 9999s grew steadily , if not UNKNOWN , through thick and thin . 
that sort of UNKNOWN performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
the current flood of third-quarter reports are producing many more negative surprises than positive ones . 
those are unwelcome trends in a year that the dow jones industrial average has risen 99 % so far , even with the 999.99-point plunge on oct. 99 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood . 
the question for investors is , how to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains . 
that 's the path of UNKNOWN leading to growth stocks . 
`` i think it is a good theme for what looks to be an uncertain market , '' says steven einhorn , partner at goldman sachs . 
growth stocks may be as big as philip morris or medium-sized such as circuit city stores , but their common UNKNOWN is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 99 % to 99 % a year , money managers say . 
`` the period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , '' says stephen boesel , president of t. rowe price 's growth and income fund . 
growth stocks also are attractive in periods of market volatility , which many investors and analysts expect in the weeks ahead as everybody tries to UNKNOWN where the economy is heading . 
this kind of UNKNOWN uncertainty UNKNOWN john UNKNOWN , senior economist for american express bank , of the 9999-99 period , when the industrial average rolled through huge ranges and investors UNKNOWN to the shares of companies with proven earnings records , which became known as the `` UNKNOWN 99 . '' 
and they will again , say UNKNOWN proponents of the UNKNOWN theme . 
UNKNOWN smith , president of a money management company bearing his name , predicts that investment companies using computers to identify companies with earnings `` momentum '' will climb on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as the overall corporate earnings outlook UNKNOWN further . 
he also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more UNKNOWN investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices . 
`` we 're just seeing the beginning of a shift , '' mr. smith says . 
mr. smith recommends cypress semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 99 % earnings growth rate . 
ronald sloan , executive vice president of UNKNOWN capital management , likes UNKNOWN inc. , a company that UNKNOWN plastic into synthetic fibers for UNKNOWN . 
mr. sloan UNKNOWN the company as recession UNKNOWN and notes that it has an annual earnings growth rate of 99 % a year over the past five years . 
UNKNOWN stock closed friday at 99 9\/9 , up 9\/9 ; mr. sloan thinks that in a year it could hit 99 . 
others UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of buying only blue-chip growth stocks . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief market strategist for first boston , who still says , `` we expect the dow average { to be at } 9999 by mid-9999 , '' nonetheless UNKNOWN a sluggish economy in the meantime . 
he recommends such blue-chip growth UNKNOWN as philip morris , pepsico , UNKNOWN international , reebok international , and limited inc . 
all have a UNKNOWN earnings growth rate of more than 99 % a year . 
some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
`` one of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy , '' says mr. boesel of t. rowe price . 
james UNKNOWN , chief investment officer for banc one asset management , says , `` we 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks . '' 
he recently trimmed his portfolio of international paper , dow chemical , quantum chemical , international business machines and digital equipment . 
he is putting money in dress barn , circuit city stores , bruno 's , and rubbermaid . 
big cyclical companies are using `` all the UNKNOWN they can to stabilize earnings , '' says mr. sloan . 
he cites ibm , which reported a 99 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 9 billion buy-back of its shares . 
`` what they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns UNKNOWN , '' says mr. sloan . 
`` when they are buying back stock at 99 times earnings , they are suggesting that the rate of return on competing internal projects is below '' returns on the stock . 
ibm says it considers its shares a good investment . 
but not all UNKNOWN or money managers are ready to throw in the UNKNOWN completely on UNKNOWN . 
growth stocks may UNKNOWN cyclical stocks next year if the federal reserve begins to let interest rates UNKNOWN UNKNOWN lower to boost the economy . 
goldman sachs 's mr. einhorn , for one , UNKNOWN to that scenario . 
he suggests investors think about buying cyclical shares in the weeks ahead , as well as growth issues . 
friday 's market activity 
stock prices finished about unchanged friday in quiet expiration trading . 
traders anticipated a volatile session due to the october expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
but there were fewer price swings than expected . 
buy order imbalances on several big stocks were posted by the new york stock exchange . 
but block trading desks and money managers made a UNKNOWN effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said . 
as a result , the dow jones industrial average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 9.99 higher to 9999.99 . 
new york stock exchange volume was 999,999,999 . 
advancers on the big board UNKNOWN decliners 999 to 999 . 
for the week , the industrial average gained 999.99 points , or 9.9 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 99 % rebound from the 999.99 point loss the industrial average UNKNOWN oct. 99 . 
broader market averages were little changed in the latest session . 
standard & poor 's 999-stock index gained 9.99 to 999.99 , the dow jones equity market index fell 9.99 to 999.99 , and the new york stock exchange composite index fell 9.99 to 999.99 . 
most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on monday , when the average rose 99.99 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and UNKNOWN the broad market . 
that contrast was reflected in the smaller weekly percentage gains recorded by the broader averages . 
the s&p 999 rose 9 % , the dow jones equity market index gained 9.9 % and the new york stock exchange composite index added 9.9 % . 
the dow jones transportation average fell 99.99 to 9999.99 amid renewed weakness in the airline sector . 
ual skidded 99 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
on the week , ual was down nearly 99 % . 
the latest drop followed a decision by british airways , which had supported the $ 999-a-share buy-out offer for ual from a labor-management group , not to participate in any revised bid . 
british airways fell 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
while most other airline issues took their UNKNOWN from ual , usair group rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares amid speculation about a possible takeover proposal from investor marvin davis . 
usa today reported that mr. davis , who had pursued ual before dropping his bid wednesday , has acquired a stake of about 9 % in usair . 
UNKNOWN fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and burlington resources declined 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
at a meeting with analysts , british petroleum officials UNKNOWN speculation that the company may take over a u.s. oil company , according to dow jones professional investor report . 
both UNKNOWN and burlington had been seen as potential targets for a british petroleum bid . 
paper and UNKNOWN stocks declined after smith barney , harris upham & co. lowered investment ratings on a number of issues in the two sectors , based on a forecast that pulp prices will fall sharply . 
international paper dropped 9\/9 to 99 , georgia-pacific fell 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , stone UNKNOWN tumbled 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , great northern UNKNOWN went down 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN lost 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
dun & bradstreet dropped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares on uncertainty about the company 's earnings prospects . 
merrill lynch cut its rating and 9999 earnings estimate thursday , citing weakness in its UNKNOWN business . 
UNKNOWN & sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be `` near UNKNOWN , '' fell 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 . 
winnebago industries slid 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 . 
the company , which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended aug. 99 widened from a year earlier , cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness . 
UNKNOWN corporate investors fell 9 to 99 after UNKNOWN a quarterly dividend of 99 cents a share , down from 99 cents a share . 
UNKNOWN resources inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 9.9 million common shares and valued at $ 99,999,999 . 
the UNKNOWN hills , UNKNOWN real-estate holding company said it will offer the rights at $ 9.99 a share to shareholders of record on oct. 99 . 
the offering is scheduled to expire on nov. 99 . 
the company said it will use the proceeds of the offering for debt reduction and general corporate purposes , including acquisitions . 
stockholders may buy one share at the UNKNOWN price for every four shares of stock they own . 
stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares , the company said . 
the company said it has an option to increase the offering by up to 999,999 shares . 
the following u.s. treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to dow jones capital markets report : $ 99.9 billion three-month and six-month bills . 
$ 99 billion of two-year notes . 
resolution funding corp. to sell $ 9.9 billion 99-year bonds . 
aim prime rate plus fund inc. -- 99 million common shares , via painewebber inc . 
allied capital corp. ii -- 9,999,999 common shares , via shearson lehman hutton inc . 
american UNKNOWN co. -- 9,999,999 common shares , via merrill lynch capital markets . 
associated natural gas corp. -- 9,999,999 common shares , via UNKNOWN read & co . 
b & UNKNOWN crude carriers ltd. -- four million common shares , via salomon brothers inc . 
baldwin technology co. -- 9,999,999 class a shares , via smith barney , harris upham & co . 
blockbuster entertainment corp. -- $ 999 million ( face amount ) liquid yield option notes , via merrill lynch . 
UNKNOWN pharmaceuticals inc. -- 9,999,999 units , via painewebber . 
immune response corp. -- three million common shares , via merrill lynch . 
UNKNOWN pharmaceuticals inc. -- 9,999,999 common shares , via smith barney , harris upham . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. -- 99 million common shares , via salomon brothers inc . 
UNKNOWN inc. -- 9,999,999 common shares , via salomon brothers inc . 
massachusetts -- approximately $ 999 million of general bonds , consolidated loan of 9999 , series d , via competitive bid . 
montgomery county , maryland -- $ 99 million of general consolidated public improvement bonds of 9999 , series b , via competitive bid . 
trinity river authority , texas -- $ 999,999,999 of regional UNKNOWN system improvement revenue bonds , series 9999 , via competitive bid . 
city and county of UNKNOWN , hawaii -- $ 99 million of obligation bonds , 9999 series b , due 9999-9999 , via competitive bid . 
beverly hills -- $ 999 million of civic center project certificates of participation , series 9999 , via a goldman , sachs & co. group . 
UNKNOWN county school district , florida -- $ 999 million of school district general bonds , via a first boston corp. group . 
connecticut housing finance authority -- $ 999,999,999 of housing mortgage revenue ( UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN ) bonds , via a painewebber group . 
maryland stadium authority -- $ 999,999,999 of sports facilities lease revenue alternative minimum tax ( UNKNOWN ) bonds , series 9999 d , via a morgan stanley & co. group . 
michigan -- $ 99 million of michigan first general bonds , including $ 99 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 99 million of recreation project bonds , via a shearson lehman hutton group . 
west virginia UNKNOWN economic development and tourism authority -- $ 999 million of parkway revenue bonds , series 9999 , via a painewebber group . 
san antonio , texas -- $ 999 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a first boston group . 
mci communications corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the securities and exchange commission for issuance of as much as $ 999 million of debt securities . 
the debt will include UNKNOWN notes sold through merrill lynch capital markets ; drexel burnham lambert inc. ; goldman , sachs & co. and salomon brothers inc . 
the funds will be used for refinancing existing debt of the washington , d.c. , concern at lower interest rates and for other general purposes . 
the effective date of the registration is to be determined by the sec . 
a group including UNKNOWN partners ltd. , a fort worth , texas , investment partnership , and richard e. UNKNOWN , a former adviser to the fort worth bass family , said it reduced its stake in anacomp inc. to 9.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , the group said it sold 9,999,999 anacomp common shares from aug. 99 to last wednesday for $ 9.99 to $ 9.99 a share , resulting in a drop in its holdings to 9,999,999 shares . 
no reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
an anacomp official said the indianapolis UNKNOWN concern had no comment on the group 's share sales . 
in march , the group disclosed it held a 9.9 % stake in anacomp for investment purposes . 
it said then it had had and would continue to have discussions with anacomp 's management concerning its investment . 
home UNKNOWN corp. , richmond , va. , said it contracted to sell its 99 % interest in a UNKNOWN shopping mall to a buyer that was n't identified . 
the life-insurance holding company said the sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the first quarter of 
the company also said it will adopt new accounting standards in the first quarter . 
the change will result in a charge of about $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , because of an increase in UNKNOWN income-tax liability . 
in the first quarter of 9999 , the company earned $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share . 
following is a weekly listing of UNKNOWN net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of friday 's close . 
also shown is the closing listed market price or a UNKNOWN asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
closed end bond funds 
flexible portfolio funds 
UNKNOWN equity and convertible funds 
a - UNKNOWN . 
b - as of thursday 's close . 
c - translated at commercial rand exchange rate . 
UNKNOWN - in canadian dollars . 
UNKNOWN - as of wednesday 's close . 
a shareholder filed suit , seeking to block UNKNOWN video inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held UNKNOWN capital corp. for $ 99 a share , or $ 99.9 million . 
the suit , which seeks class-action status , was filed in delaware UNKNOWN court . 
the complaint alleges that the price is `` unfair and UNKNOWN inadequate '' and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a `` UNKNOWN '' of the purchase of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN discouraging other bids . 
it seeks unspecified money damages . 
the new york company called the lawsuit without merit . 
shareholders are scheduled to vote on the transaction UNKNOWN . 
this toronto closed-end fund cut the annual dividend on its class a common shares to one canadian cent from 99 canadian cents . 
the fund UNKNOWN mainly in gold and silver bullion . 
it said the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , central fund 's vice president , finance , said losses for the fiscal year ending oct. 99 could be as high as one million canadian dollars ( us$ 999,999 ) . 
the fund last had a profit in 9999 . 
the new dividend rate is payable nov. 99 to holders of record oct. 99 . 
in american stock exchange composite trading friday , central fund was unchanged at $ 9.9999 a share . 
comair holdings inc. said in cincinnati that it bought airline aviation academy , a pilot training school based at sanford regional airport near UNKNOWN , fla . 
comair said it paid cash but declined to disclose the price . 
comair holdings is the parent of comair inc. , a regional air carrier . 
airline aviation , which has annual revenue of $ 9 million to $ 9 million , has great growth potential because of the large number of u.s. pilots UNKNOWN retirement age , comair said . 
the unit will be UNKNOWN comair aviation academy and will continue to be headed by scott williams , a son of its founder , comair said . 
the collapse of a $ 9.99 billion buy-out of united airlines parent ual corp. has handed wall street 's takeover stock speculators their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
their $ 999 UNKNOWN in estimated paper losses easily tops the $ 999 million in paper losses the takeover traders , known as arbitragers , suffered in 9999 when gulf oil co. dropped a $ 9.9 billion offer for cities service co . 
in the six trading days since the ual labor-management buy-out group failed to get bank financing , UNKNOWN friday with the withdrawal of its partner british airways plc , ual stock has plummeted by 99 % to 999 9\/9 from 999 9\/9 . 
the UNKNOWN may UNKNOWN some of their paper losses if the ual deal gets UNKNOWN up again , as they did in 9999 when occidental petroleum co. UNKNOWN them with a $ 9 billion takeover of cities service . 
in the meantime , the question faced by investors is : what is ual stock worth ? 
the short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 999 and $ 999 a share . 
that 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 9.9 to 99 times ual earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 99 a share this year . 
airline stocks typically sell at a discount of about one-third to the stock market 's UNKNOWN ratio -- which is currently about 99 times earnings . 
that 's because airline earnings , like those of auto makers , have been subject to the cyclical UNKNOWN of the economy . 
that analysis matches up with stock traders ' reports that , despite the huge drop in the stock , ual has n't returned to the level at which it could attract buying by institutions solely on the basis of earnings . 
so anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some UNKNOWN about the likelihood of such an event . 
one analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the ual pilots and management can put together a bid `` in the $ 999 area , '' but that it could take three to four months to close . 
at that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes ual stock should trade closer to 
other observers note that ual 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 999 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and UNKNOWN things return to normal . 
by that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
investment bankers following ual agree that the strongest UNKNOWN for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success . 
the pilots have a strong financing UNKNOWN in their UNKNOWN to cut their annual compensation by $ 999 million , and to UNKNOWN $ 999 million from their retirement funds . 
on friday , they also persuaded the ual flight attendants to join them . 
however , investment bankers say that banks are n't likely to lend the almost $ 9 billion that would be necessary for a takeover even at a lower price without someone putting up a hefty UNKNOWN of cash -- probably even greater than the 99 % in cash put up by investors in the leveraged takeover of northwest airlines parent nwa corp. in july . 
banks want to see someone putting up real cash at risk , that is , subordinate to the bank debt in any deal . 
that way , they figure , someone else has an even stronger UNKNOWN to make sure the deal is going to work , because they would be losing their money before the banks lost theirs . 
banks also want to be able to call someone on the telephone to fix a problem with a deal that goes bad -- UNKNOWN someone other than a union leader . 
that leaves the pilots still in need of cash totaling around $ 9 billion -- far more than either they or the flight attendants can lay their hands on from retirement funds alone . 
one obstacle to the pilots ' finding such a huge amount of cash is their insistence on majority ownership . 
investors such as marvin davis of los angeles who have sought airline ownership this year have insisted they , not the pilots , must have control . 
one way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
the pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking . 
but it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders . 
the lack of any new cash probably would still leave the banks UNKNOWN . 
in advising the ual board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 999 a share from mr. davis , the investment bank of first boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on UNKNOWN methods and assumptions . 
using the the nwa takeover as a benchmark , first boston on sept. 99 estimated that ual was worth $ 999 to $ 999 a share based on ual 's results for the 99 months ending last june 99 , but only $ 999 to $ 999 based on a management estimate of results for 9999 . 
first boston 's estimates had been higher before management supplied a 9999 projection . 
using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of UNKNOWN , first boston estimated ual 's value at $ 999 to $ 999 a share if its future labor costs conform to wall street projections ; $ 999 to $ 999 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at nwa ; $ 99 to $ 999 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 999 to $ 999 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike . 
and using liquidation value assuming the sale of all ual assets , first boston estimated the airline is worth $ 999 to $ 999 a share . 
unfortunately , all those estimates came before airline industry fundamentals deteriorated during the past month . 
american airlines parent amr and usair group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results . 
some analysts do n't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots . 
the deal has , as one takeover expert puts it , `` so many moving parts . 
i do n't see anybody who 's sophisticated getting his name associated with this mess until the moving parts stop moving . '' 
in addition to the need for another cash equity investor , the other moving parts include : the pilots themselves , who can UNKNOWN rival deals by threatening to strike ; the machinists union , the pilots ' longtime rivals who helped UNKNOWN the pilots ' deal ; and regulators in washington , whose opposition to foreign airline investment helped throw the deal into doubt . 
in the meantime , the UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN . 
wall street traders and analysts estimate that takeover stock traders own ual stock and options equal to as many as 9.9 million shares , or about 99 % of the total outstanding . 
frank UNKNOWN , an analyst with phoenix capital corp. in new york , estimates that the UNKNOWN paid an average of about $ 999 a share for their ual positions . 
that would indicate that the UNKNOWN have paper losses on ual alone UNKNOWN $ 999 million . 
ual corp . ( nyse ; symbol : ual ) 
business : airline 
year ended dec. 99 , 9999 : 
sales : $ 9.99 billion 
net income \* : $ 999.9 million ; or $ 99.99 a share 
second quarter , june 99 , 9999 : per-share earnings : $ 9.99 vs. $ 9.99 
average daily trading volume : 999,999 shares 
common shares outstanding : 99.9 million 
eastern enterprises , bolstered by improved UNKNOWN in its UNKNOWN unit , had a narrower third-quarter net loss of $ 9.9 million , or five cents a share . 
last year , eastern had a quarter loss of $ 9.9 million , or eight cents a share . 
quarter revenue rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
the UNKNOWN , mass. , utilities and UNKNOWN concern said results for the third quarter , usually a UNKNOWN one because of the UNKNOWN of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the may 9999 acquisition of water products company . 
for the nine months , eastern had net income of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 99.9 million or $ 9.99 a share a year ago . 
revenue grew 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
convex computer corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies UNKNOWN , reported an 99 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 99 % increase in revenue . 
net was $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , up from $ 9.9 million , or nine cents a share . 
revenue was $ 99.9 million , up from $ 99.9 million . 
for the nine months , net was $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , up 99 % from $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
revenue was $ 999.9 million , up 99 % from $ 99.9 million . 
convex makes UNKNOWN that sell for up to $ 9 million and has an installed base of more than 999 systems and 999 customers world-wide . 
during the third quarter , it said , it won several significant contracts , including a five-year contract with the national institutes of health valued at an estimated $ 9 million . 
earlier this month , convex made a bid to UNKNOWN other supercomputer competitors like digital equipment corp. and international business machines corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems . 
the new products allow customers to add convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which `` opens up a UNKNOWN market for us , '' said robert j. UNKNOWN , convex 's chairman , president and chief executive . 
convex also recently agreed to use UNKNOWN , a standard for the computer language called UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN is one of three or four versions of UNKNOWN , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to UNKNOWN its computer systems . 
most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the UNKNOWN standard , mr. UNKNOWN said , adding that they prefer to maintain UNKNOWN systems that lock in customers . 
`` they want a UNKNOWN trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
`` but the customer does n't want that . '' 
convex closed in over-the-counter trading on friday at $ 99.999 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
troubled saatchi & saatchi co. has attracted offers for some of its advertising units , with potential UNKNOWN including interpublic group , but has rejected them , people familiar with the company said . 
industry executives said interpublic approached saatchi in august about buying its UNKNOWN unit , but was turned down by chairman UNKNOWN saatchi . 
more recently , interpublic UNKNOWN about one of saatchi 's smaller communications companies -- identified as the UNKNOWN public relations firm by several industry executives -- but again was UNKNOWN , they said . 
interpublic 's chairman and chief executive officer , philip UNKNOWN jr. , made the pitches in UNKNOWN to mr. saatchi in london , the executives said . 
a saatchi spokesman declined to comment about interpublic . 
but the spokesman confirmed that saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN units . 
he added , `` we have no intention of selling either business . '' 
interpublic declined comment . 
the offers come as saatchi is struggling through the most troubled period in its 99-year history . 
takeover speculation has been UNKNOWN , its consulting business is on the block , and its largest shareholder , UNKNOWN asset management , has said it 's been approached by third parties regarding a possible restructuring . 
analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates for the company , and their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak . 
in the midst of the current turmoil , saatchi is attempting to shore up its ad businesses . 
it named a new chief executive officer , former UNKNOWN international head robert UNKNOWN . 
it UNKNOWN an offer by carl spielvogel , head of saatchi 's backer spielvogel bates unit , to lead a management buy-out of all or part of saatchi . 
and last week , people close to saatchi said UNKNOWN saatchi and his brother , charles , would lead a buy-out if a hostile bid emerged . 
but saatchi 's troubles have only UNKNOWN up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses . 
while saatchi 's major agency networks -- backer spielvogel and saatchi & saatchi advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive . 
UNKNOWN , for example , has had big problems at its new york office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including minneapolis and chicago . 
that would would make it appealing to a network such as interpublic that already has a healthy new york presence . 
( while there would be some client conflicts , they would n't be nearly as onerous as with saatchi 's other agencies . ) 
UNKNOWN also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : it has billings of about $ 999 million and blue-chip clients including general mills , jeep / eagle and dow brands . 
UNKNOWN , meanwhile , has expanded aggressively , and now ranks as the UNKNOWN u.s. public relations firm , according to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of public relations firms . 
it would be attractive to an agency such as interpublic , one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own . 
other saatchi units include ad agency UNKNOWN & mccall , which has the mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and howard UNKNOWN , a sports and event marketing firm . 
despite saatchi 's firm stand against selling its ad units , u.s. analysts believe the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units . 
mr. UNKNOWN , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
analysts believe he may ultimately UNKNOWN of some of the UNKNOWN businesses . 
prudential 's final four 
prudential insurance co. of america said it selected four agencies to pitch its $ 99 million to $ 99 million account . 
in addition to backer spielvogel bates , a saatchi unit that has handled the account since 9999 , the other agencies include lowe UNKNOWN , a unit of the lowe group ; grey advertising ; and wpp group 's UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN agency . 
all agencies are new york-based . 
a spokesman for the insurance and financial services firm , based in newark , n.j. , said it hopes to make a decision within three to four months . 
jamaica fires back 
the jamaica tourist board , in the wake of young & rubicam 's indictment on charges that it UNKNOWN UNKNOWN officials to win the account in 9999 , released a UNKNOWN memo UNKNOWN the agency for the embarrassing incident . 
the memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges . 
among other things , the memo contends that young & rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't UNKNOWN any information that would `` UNKNOWN the government of jamaica or the jamaica tourist board . '' 
it also contends that young & rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with ad ventures , a UNKNOWN firm hired by the agency . 
the u.s. indictment charges ad ventures was a front used to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN of tourism . 
the memo also UNKNOWN the agency for the timing of its announcement thursday that it would no longer handle the $ 9 million to $ 9 million account . 
the agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen . 
ad notes ... . 
new account 
: american UNKNOWN motor corp. , UNKNOWN , calif. , awarded its estimated $ 99 million to $ 99 million account to UNKNOWN / gould , los angeles . 
also participating in the UNKNOWN was los angeles agency UNKNOWN advertising america . 
american UNKNOWN 's previous agency , UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN , did n't participate . 
UNKNOWN talks : 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's president and chief executive officer , jerry j. UNKNOWN , said the agency is holding `` conversations '' about acquiring UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN chicago agency , but a deal is n't yet close to being completed . 
who 's news : 
john wells , 99 , former president and chief executive of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at wpp group 's j. walter thompson agency in chicago ... . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , 99 , was named president and chief operating officer of ogilvy & mather direct , the direct mail division of wpp group 's ogilvy & mather agency . 
grand metropolitan plc , the united kingdom food and beverage group that owns UNKNOWN inc. of the u.s. , announced a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion . 
david UNKNOWN , formerly group finance director at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plc , will become grand met 's first group finance director in january . 
in a statement , grand met said its recent `` growth and wider UNKNOWN spread '' made it necessary to create the new position . 
the company also UNKNOWN several executive responsibilities . 
david UNKNOWN , formerly in charge of UNKNOWN operations , was appointed chief executive for retailing and property . 
peter UNKNOWN , group strategy development director , and bill UNKNOWN , group personnel director , will become part of the board 's management committee . 
david baltimore , who has just been named president of rockefeller university , already knows what it 's like to go through life with `` nobel UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN to one 's name . 
he is currently UNKNOWN what it 's like to have the UNKNOWN , `` under investigation for scientific fraud , '' also attached to his name . 
the nobel committee made the first addition ; john dingell 's congressional committee created the second . 
both of dr. baltimore 's public faces have been on view the past few weeks while he was under consideration to succeed UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as head of the prestigious rockefeller research institution . 
it came to light that a substantial number of rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to dr. baltimore 's impending appointment . 
they were UNKNOWN at what they regarded as dr. baltimore 's UNKNOWN attitude toward the dingell committee , which held hearings on a dispute over the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of a researcher who had UNKNOWN a scientific paper with dr. baltimore . 
readers of these columns ( `` the science police , '' may 99 ) will recall that dr. baltimore was merely the most well-known part of the dingell committee 's larger investigation , which touched UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , the national institutes of health and elsewhere . 
rep. dingell even managed to UNKNOWN the services of the secret service in his investigation of the baltimore paper . 
UNKNOWN as mr. dingell has a special interest in nih and the institutions that receive its funding , the rockefeller scientists were no doubt UNKNOWN by dr. baltimore 's UNKNOWN public opinion of this congressional UNKNOWN , whose behavior reminded dr. baltimore of the UNKNOWN era . 
this well may be the first time that the venerable rockefeller university has UNKNOWN up publicly against the UNKNOWN now common in american science . 
john dingell UNKNOWN a david baltimore , UNKNOWN activists do $ 9.9 million of damage to UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN on talk shows , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN files lawsuits in federal court to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN experiments , and UNKNOWN researcher gary UNKNOWN 's own colleagues at UNKNOWN state UNKNOWN him for `` violating '' UNKNOWN rules . 
scientists are UNKNOWN who still think that the UNKNOWN movement in this country is n't their concern or that a david baltimore could have somehow UNKNOWN a john dingell . 
( mr. dingell , by the way , has UNKNOWN another nih investigation of the baltimore paper , adding to several previous investigations . 
something other than what most scientists would recognize as the truth is being sought here . ) 
fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
david UNKNOWN , a nobel UNKNOWN at harvard , has taken the lead in UNKNOWN research with animals , as has dr. michael UNKNOWN . 
nasa defended itself UNKNOWN and successfully against a UNKNOWN suit to block the galileo launch . 
scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is UNKNOWN about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power . 
in a UNKNOWN world , scientists may earn wide UNKNOWN and even UNKNOWN for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work . 
when a david baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces , his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is UNKNOWN at stake , and offer their public support . 
wisconsin toy co. said it UNKNOWN agreed to acquire closely held everything 's a dollar inc. of virginia beach , va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 9.9 million . 
the UNKNOWN toy retailer said the agreement calls for everything 's a dollar holders to receive for their holdings a total of 999,999 newly issued wisconsin toy shares . 
wisconsin toy currently has about 9.9 million shares outstanding . 
a company official said arthur UNKNOWN , until january chief operating officer of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN save inc. , will buy a 99 % stake in the new wisconsin toy subsidiary , and will act as head of everything 's a dollar . 
wisconsin toy has 99 retail stores , primarily in discount UNKNOWN . 
everything 's a dollar operates 99 UNKNOWN stores . 
while UNKNOWN nicholas UNKNOWN 's sept. 99 letter offering UNKNOWN to your `` world-wide tax revolution '' table ( editorial page , aug. 99 ) , i am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home . 
as a channel UNKNOWN , i was UNKNOWN to see my UNKNOWN listed as one of `` 99 countries with an income tax . '' 
despite a history of UNKNOWN local debate on the topic , my UNKNOWN clearly UNKNOWN `` british citizen . '' 
whether mr. UNKNOWN 's oversight is merely a sign of a UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is a question my fellow channel UNKNOWN ( and friends on the UNKNOWN of man ) will continue to UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 
UNKNOWN j. UNKNOWN , chairman of jet UNKNOWN inc. , was elected to the board of this cruise line . 
the board UNKNOWN to seven members . 
ducks . 
if the white house spots one , it intends to fire a veto at it . 
ducks are this season 's word for new taxes , under UNKNOWN director richard darman 's UNKNOWN that `` if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck and UNKNOWN like a duck , it 's a duck . '' 
george bush is quite clear : no new ducks . 
but what about all those UNKNOWN ducks UNKNOWN over washington ? 
we see a whole UNKNOWN of programs that will impose significant costs on the american economy in the form of UNKNOWN regulation and higher liabilities . 
federal child care ( quack ) . 
the clean air bill ( quack ) . 
the UNKNOWN bill ( quack , quack ) . 
the bush white house is UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ducks the same way the nixon white house did : it UNKNOWN on an issue that is UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN air , better treatment of the disabled , better child care . 
it comes up with a UNKNOWN version of a democratic proposal . 
the bill gets signed into law and then the administration watches UNKNOWN , wondering where all the `` unexpected '' costs came from . 
consider , for instance , the very fat UNKNOWN known as UNKNOWN child care . 
the president came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on capitol hill . 
it would create 99,999 local UNKNOWN commissions , UNKNOWN to the department of health and human services . 
they 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities . 
the initial costs are said to be in the $ 9 billion a year range , but that 's only the beginning . 
new UNKNOWN tend to grow , creating a UNKNOWN for new taxes . 
quack . 
the administration claims that its clean air bill will cost businesses between $ 99 billion and $ 99 billion annually , but economist michael evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 99 billion a year range . 
the house bill also UNKNOWN economic efficiency in all sorts of UNKNOWN ways . 
for example , the administration proposal imposes extremely tough emissions standards on new power plants . 
so instead of building more efficient modern plants , utilities stick UNKNOWN on the old plants . 
the money spent on UNKNOWN is diverted from planned research on new , UNKNOWN technology . 
the bill also imposes the california UNKNOWN standards on all cars nationwide , as if a car registered in big UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , needed to be as clean as one driven in los angeles . 
proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 999 per car . 
other analysts say that estimate is low . 
quack . 
nobody knows how many billions of dollars the americans with UNKNOWN act will cost , because nobody knows what the bill UNKNOWN . 
it is an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN document that will create a wave of litigation . 
judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts . 
lawyers will benefit . 
private companies , and ultimately their customers , will end up UNKNOWN the huge bill . 
the effect of nixon era UNKNOWN ducks was an economy UNKNOWN up with regulations and UNKNOWN . 
all this was recognized and UNKNOWN in the succeeding years by economists , some of whom worked in the reagan administration to lift this burden from the american people , states and local governments . 
running for president in 9999 and 9999 , george bush also UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the economic UNKNOWN of the 9999s . 
in fact , during last year 's campaign , the entire nation constantly heard mr. bush UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN as head of the task force on regulatory relief . 
`` government continues to UNKNOWN the productivity of our UNKNOWN and the international UNKNOWN of american business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force . 
but with the impending passage of these new programs , mr. bush will surely be sending many people UNKNOWN back into the regulatory UNKNOWN that he had helped cut back . 
by 9999 , the number of federal regulators was down to about 999,999 . 
then it turned up , and by one estimate the number will be up to about 999,999 regulators by next year . 
holding the dam on taxes is the most important task of the bush presidency . 
we would have thought by now , though , that there was a significant core of people involved in government life who understood that direct UNKNOWN is n't the only way to slow down an economy . 
it is merely the most obvious . 
what is even more UNKNOWN is that all over the world nations are learning that UNKNOWN public programs often UNKNOWN . 
but while they are UNKNOWN these burdens , the united states is close to creating three more big ones . 
the bush administration ought to be setting aside some of its UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN ducks . 
confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for september , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from july and august 's UNKNOWN deficits . 
chancellor of the exchequer nigel lawson 's restated commitment to a firm monetary policy has helped to prevent a UNKNOWN in sterling over the past week . 
but analysts UNKNOWN underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his mansion house speech last thursday . 
this has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 99 % from their current 99 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
`` the risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said chris UNKNOWN , senior u.k. economist at nomura research institute . 
`` if there is another bad trade number , there could be an awful lot of pressure , '' noted simon UNKNOWN , u.k. economist for midland montagu , a unit of midland bank plc . 
forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 9 billion ( $ 9.9 billion ) deficit in the current account reported for august . 
the august deficit and the # 9.9 billion gap registered in july are topped only by the # 9.9 billion deficit of october 9999 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , european economist at UNKNOWN brothers & co. , said there is no sign that britain 's manufacturing industry is UNKNOWN itself to boost exports . 
at the same time , he remains fairly UNKNOWN about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods UNKNOWN . 
he reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 9.9 billion in september . 
however , mr. UNKNOWN said he believes that a reduction in raw material UNKNOWN by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports . 
combined with at least some rebound in exports after august 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 9.9 billion . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who also forecasts a # 9.9 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
nevertheless , he noted , `` no one will want to go into the trade figures without a flat position '' in the pound . 
meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly UNKNOWN . 
in his mansion house speech , mr. lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
u.k. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
but consumer expenditure data released friday do n't suggest that the u.k. economy is slowing that quickly . 
the figures show that spending rose 9.9 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 9.9 % from a year ago . 
this compares with a 9.9 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 9.9 % increase from the second quarter of 9999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
certainly , the chancellor has made it clear that he is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further . 
thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary UNKNOWN of monetary policy to be UNKNOWN by exchange rate weakness . '' 
analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than mr. lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
and , they UNKNOWN , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound UNKNOWN . 
sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in mr. lawson 's promise friday . 
in european trading it declined to $ 9.9999 and 9.9999 marks from $ 9.9999 and 9.9999 marks late thursday . 
economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 9.99 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 99 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged . 
friday 's market activity 
the dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities UNKNOWN . 
foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has UNKNOWN the market since oct. 99 , when the dow jones industrial average plunged more than 999 points . 
currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by u.s. federal reserve . 
late in the new york trading day , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , up from 9.9999 marks late thursday in new york . 
the u.s. currency was also changing hands at 999.99 yen , up from 999.99 yen in new york late thursday . 
in tokyo on monday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , up from friday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery settled at $ 999.99 an ounce , up 99 cents . 
estimated volume was a light 9.9 million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong monday , gold was quoted at $ 999.99 an ounce . 
east rock partners limited partnership said it proposed to acquire a.p. green industries inc. for $ 99 a share . 
in an oct. 99 letter to a.p. green 's board , east rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than oct. 99 . 
the letter , attached to a filing with the securities and exchange commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining UNKNOWN financing . 
an a.p. green official declined to comment on the filing . 
the $ 99-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 999.9 million . 
a.p. green currently has 9,999,999 shares outstanding . 
its stock closed at $ 99 , up $ 9.999 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
the company is a mexico , UNKNOWN , maker of UNKNOWN products . 
east rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in a.p. green to 9.9 % . 
it now holds 999,999 a.p. green common shares , including 99,999 shares bought last thursday for $ 99.99 to $ 99.99 a share . 
new york-based john UNKNOWN and robert macdonald control east rock partners inc. , the sole general partner of east rock partners UNKNOWN . 
the sole limited partner of the partnership is UNKNOWN brick UNKNOWN inc. , an indirect subsidiary of UNKNOWN group inc . 
both UNKNOWN brick and UNKNOWN group are based in boston . 
freight rates , declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation , are UNKNOWN out , turning upward and threatening to fuel inflation . 
trucking , shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases , scheduled for this fall or early next year , reflecting higher costs and UNKNOWN demand for freight transport . 
major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years . 
that 's a big change from recent years when freight UNKNOWN was a bright spot for u.s. productivity , helping to UNKNOWN inflation and make u.s. industry more competitive abroad . 
`` demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up '' at a rate `` close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , director of UNKNOWN at du pont co . 
shippers surveyed recently by ohio state university said they expect their UNKNOWN , storage and distribution costs to rise about 9 % this year . 
only 99 % of the 999 shippers UNKNOWN expected their UNKNOWN costs to decrease , compared with 99 % who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years . 
`` this is the first year since transportation deregulation in 9999 that we have had such a dramatic and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in perceived transportation rates , '' said bernard UNKNOWN , a transportation UNKNOWN professor at ohio state in columbus . 
the deregulation of UNKNOWN and trucking companies that began in 9999 enabled shippers to bargain for transportation . 
carriers could use their equipment more UNKNOWN , leading to UNKNOWN they were eager to fill . 
shippers cut about $ 99 billion from their annual , UNKNOWN truck and rail costs , to about $ 999 billion , or about 9.9 % of gross national product , down from 9 % of gnp in 9999 . 
but with much of the UNKNOWN squeezed out of the UNKNOWN system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates . 
`` shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` shippers wo n't be able to look for UNKNOWN savings as they have for the last eight or nine years . 
transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
robert UNKNOWN , a consultant at arthur d. little inc. , cambridge , mass. , said `` we 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in UNKNOWN reductions . 
now we are starting to see real UNKNOWN increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor . 
you 'll see carriers try to UNKNOWN some of the price cutting that occurred previously . '' 
not everyone believes that the good times are over for shippers . 
`` there 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , '' said gerard UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN in transportation at massachusetts institute of technology . 
UNKNOWN companies , which carry the freight of several shippers in each truck UNKNOWN , discounted away a 9.9 % rate increase implemented last april . 
the carriers were competing fiercely for market share . 
UNKNOWN increases are likely to be UNKNOWN by weakening UNKNOWN levels and UNKNOWN competition for freight from trucks . 
an official at consolidated UNKNOWN inc. , a menlo park , calif. , UNKNOWN carrier , said rate discounting in that industry has begun to `` stabilize . '' 
consolidated UNKNOWN plans to raise its rates 9.9 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases . 
UNKNOWN are `` trying to send signals that they need to stop the UNKNOWN , forget about market share and go for higher rates , '' said michael lloyd , an analyst at salomon UNKNOWN . 
and `` shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one UNKNOWN off against another as much as they can , '' he said . 
air-freight carriers raised their rates for u.s. products going across the pacific to asia by about 99 % earlier this month . 
and japan air lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 99 % over the next two years . 
such rate increases `` will increase the total cost of u.s. products and slow down the rate of increase of u.s. exports , '' said richard UNKNOWN , a senior vice president of UNKNOWN air & sea service u.s.a. inc. , the u.s. UNKNOWN subsidiary of nippon UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of japan . 
ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron UNKNOWN , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years . 
some bulk shipping rates have increased `` 9 % to 9 % in the past few months , '' said salomon 's mr. lloyd . 
and ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates . 
carriers boosted rates more than 99 % in the north atlantic between the u.s. and europe last september , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
ship lines operating in the pacific plan to raise rates on containers carrying u.s. exports to asia about 99 % , effective next april . 
mgm grand inc. said it filed a registration statement with the securities and exchange commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
the beverly hills , calif.-based company said it would have 99.9 million common shares outstanding after the offering . 
the hotel and UNKNOWN company said merrill lynch capital markets will lead the underwriters . 
proceeds from the sale will be used for UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN projects , as well as for the planned mgm grand hotel / casino and theme park . 
bob stone UNKNOWN over a letter from his manager putting him on UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN . 
mr. stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
unable to persuade the manager to change his decision , he went to a `` company court '' for a hearing . 
at the scheduled time , mr. stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked . 
after the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` go ahead and tell us what happened . 
we may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . '' 
no lawyers or tape recorders were present . 
the only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew mr. stone 's case UNKNOWN and would help fill in any facts needed to give the court the full picture . 
over a cup of coffee , mr. stone told his story . 
he talked about 99 minutes . 
when he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses . 
the chairman promised mr. stone a decision within two weeks . 
bob stone is a UNKNOWN name , but the incident described is real . 
it happened at northrop corp. in los angeles . 
the court is called the management appeals committee , or just `` mac , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at federal express in UNKNOWN , the defense and UNKNOWN systems divisions of honeywell in minneapolis , a general electric plant in columbia , md. , or a number of other companies . 
these firms are UNKNOWN in a significant new trend in the corporate world : the rise of what i call corporate due process . 
although corporate due process is UNKNOWN today in few companies -- perhaps 99 to 99 -- it is one of the UNKNOWN developing trends in industry . 
in the coming decade a majority of UNKNOWN companies are likely to adopt it . 
corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
it reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and UNKNOWN , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations . 
it helps to keep out unions . 
it increases employee commitment to the company , with all that means for efficiency and quality control . 
what must your management team do to establish corporate due process ? 
here are four key steps : 
9 . make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
it must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the UNKNOWN by managers and their UNKNOWN , else the company court or UNKNOWN will be UNKNOWN with cases . 
at polaroid , the personnel policy planning committee may hear only about 99 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
at UNKNOWN , the system board of adjustment UNKNOWN 99 to 99 cases a year , only a fraction of the complaints brought to personnel specialists . 
at citicorp , the problem review board may hear only 99 or so cases because of personnel 's UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . 
in a typical year , up to 99 % of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment . 
in a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle . 
9 . formally or UNKNOWN , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach . 
see that they know company personnel policy UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , for it is the `` law '' governing company courts and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
in case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and UNKNOWN take their complaints to a company court or UNKNOWN , teach managers to accept UNKNOWN as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are UNKNOWN to happen . 
in the 99 companies i studied , reversal rates range on the average from 99 % to 99 % . 
9 . decide whether you want a panel system or a single UNKNOWN . 
a panel system like that in the bob stone example UNKNOWN such advantages as high credibility and , for the UNKNOWN , mutual support . 
an UNKNOWN system -- that is , an UNKNOWN who acts first as a UNKNOWN and then switches hats and UNKNOWN the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy . 
international business machines and bank of america are among the companies using the UNKNOWN approach . 
9 . make your due-process system visible . 
it wo n't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it . 
most UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging UNKNOWN and chronic UNKNOWN to file complaints . 
on the other hand , they make sure at a minimum that their systems are described in their employee UNKNOWN and talked up by personnel specialists . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN goes further and sometimes features its UNKNOWN procedure in UNKNOWN tv programs . 
naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee UNKNOWN for your due-process system is for top management to support it . 
at ibm , the company 's open door system is sometimes the subject of UNKNOWN from the chief executive . 
federal express goes further in this respect than any company i know of with both frederick smith and james UNKNOWN , chief executive and chief operating officer , respectively , sitting in on the appeals board almost every tuesday to decide cases . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a consultant based in UNKNOWN , mass. , and author of `` justice on the job : UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN workplace '' ( harvard business school press , 9999 ) . 
tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since monday 's sharp fall . 
london shares closed moderately lower in thin trading . 
at tokyo , the nikkei index of 999 selected issues was up 999.99 points to 99999.99 . 
the index advanced 999.99 points thursday . 
in early trading in tokyo monday , the nikkei index rose 999.99 points to 99999.99 . 
friday 's volume on the first section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 999 million thursday . 
winners UNKNOWN losers , 999 to 999 , while 999 issues remained unchanged . 
with investors relieved at the overnight gain in new york stocks , UNKNOWN buying orders UNKNOWN into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
the nikkei , which reached as high as 99999.99 right after the opening , UNKNOWN part of its early advance toward the end of the day because of profit-taking . 
`` investors , especially dealers , do n't want to hold a position over the weekend , '' a trader at UNKNOWN securities said , adding , though , that the trading mood remained positive through the afternoon session . 
the tokyo stock price index ( UNKNOWN ) of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 99.99 points thursday , was up 99.99 points , or 9.99 % , at 9999.99 . 
the second section index , which rose 99.99 points thursday , was up 99.99 points , or 9.99 % , to close at 9999.99 . 
volume in the second section was estimated at 99 million shares , up from 99 million thursday . 
in turmoil caused by the previous friday 's plunge in new york stocks , the nikkei marked a sharp 999.99-point fall monday . 
but the nikkei fell an overall 9.9 % in value that day compared with wall street 's far sharper 9.9 % drop on oct. 99 . 
the tokyo market 's UNKNOWN helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on UNKNOWN factors that caused the friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to new york stocks and not directly related to tokyo . 
the nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week , adding 9999.99 points in four days -- more than UNKNOWN monday 's losses . 
but further major advances on the nikkei are n't UNKNOWN this week by market observers . 
investors are still waiting to see how the u.s. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be UNKNOWN . 
some high-priced issues made a comeback friday . 
pioneer surged 999 yen ( $ 9.99 ) to 9,999 yen ( $ 99.99 ) . 
UNKNOWN advanced 99 yen to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN gained 999 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
UNKNOWN gained 99 to 9,999 and UNKNOWN added 99 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and pharmaceuticals continued to be bought following thursday 's gains because of strong earnings UNKNOWN . 
daiwa house gained 99 to 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN homes was up 99 at 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN advanced 99 to 9,999 and UNKNOWN added 99 to 9,999 . 
fujisawa added 99 to 9,999 and UNKNOWN advanced 999 to 9,999 . 
london share prices were influenced largely by declines on wall street and weakness in the british pound . 
the key financial times-stock exchange 999-share index ended 99.9 points lower at 9999.9 , above its intraday low of 9999.9 , but off the day 's high of 9999 . 
the index finished 9.9 % under its close of 9999.9 the previous friday , although it UNKNOWN some of the sharp losses staged early last week on the back of wall street 's fall . 
london was weak throughout friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important u.k. trade figures for september . 
the ft-se 999 largely remained within an 99-point range UNKNOWN within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed wall street lower . 
the UNKNOWN 99-share index closed 99.9 points lower at 9999.9 . 
volume was extremely thin at 999.9 million shares , the UNKNOWN volume of the week and modestly under thursday 's 999.9 million shares . 
dealers said the day 's action was UNKNOWN outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that wall street might open lower after its strong leap forward thursday . 
they added that market-makers were largely UNKNOWN after aggressively supporting the market thursday in their UNKNOWN to cover internal shortages of ft-se 999 shares . 
interest may remain limited into tomorrow 's u.k. trade figures , which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months . 
the key corporate news of the day was that british airways decided to withdraw from a UNKNOWN bid for ual corp. , the parent of united airlines . 
british airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the ual deal . 
dealers said they viewed the initial # UNKNOWN ( $ 999 million ) UNKNOWN for a 99 % stake in the airline as a bit much . 
its shares slid in late dealings to close a penny per share lower at 999 pence . 
the airline was the most active ft-se 999 at 9.9 million shares traded . 
the next most active UNKNOWN stock was b.a.t industries , the target of sir james goldsmith 's # 99.9 billion bid . 
the company gained shareholder approval thursday to restructure in a bid to fend off the hostile takeover . 
sir james said thursday night that his plans for the takeover had n't changed . 
b.a.t ended the day at 999 , down 9 , on turnover of 9.9 million shares . 
dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since UNKNOWN . 
in other active shares , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN shed 99 to 999 on volume of 9.9 million shares after a UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , while UNKNOWN holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 9 to 999 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share UNKNOWN . 
elsewhere in europe , share prices closed higher in stockholm , brussels and milan . 
prices were lower in frankfurt , zurich , paris and amsterdam . 
south african gold stocks closed moderately lower . 
share prices closed higher in sydney , taipei , wellington , manila , hong kong and singapore and were lower in seoul . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
the u.s. is required to notify foreign UNKNOWN if it knows of coup plans likely to UNKNOWN their lives , government officials said . 
the notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups UNKNOWN in a secret 9999 exchange of letters between the reagan administration and the senate intelligence committee . 
the existence of the guidelines has become known since president bush disclosed them privately to seven republican senators at a white house meeting last monday . 
officials familiar with the meeting said mr. bush cited the policy as an example of the sort of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of such covert actions as this month 's UNKNOWN effort to oust panamanian dictator manuel noriega . 
according to the officials , mr. bush even read to the senators UNKNOWN from a highly classified letter from the committee to the white house discussing the guidelines . 
they said the president conceded the notification requirement did n't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month 's panama coup effort . 
no notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the u.s. did n't think the coup UNKNOWN intended to kill mr. noriega , but merely sought to UNKNOWN him . 
what 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being UNKNOWN by the panel and the white house . 
the UNKNOWN was launched at a meeting between mr. bush and intelligence committee leaders oct. 99 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules . 
however , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by nbc news , is already being interpreted on capitol hill as an unfair effort to pressure congress . 
it has reopened the bitter UNKNOWN between the white house and congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust mr. noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad . 
a statement issued by the office of the committee chairman , sen. david boren ( d. , UNKNOWN ) , charged that the disclosure is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure of the recent coup attempt in panama . 
the statement added , `` someone has UNKNOWN chosen to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of highly classified UNKNOWN between the two branches of government . 
not only does this come close to a violation of law , it UNKNOWN the trust we have all worked to develop . '' 
sen. boren said , `` it 's time to stop UNKNOWN and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future . 
i 've invited the president to send his suggestions to the committee . '' 
republican sen. william cohen of maine , the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text UNKNOWN out of context is a UNKNOWN , and it is unfair for those in the white house who are UNKNOWN to present the evidence in a selective fashion . '' 
sen. boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate UNKNOWN rules . 
but the chairman and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline was n't imposed on the white house by a UNKNOWN congress . 
instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about UNKNOWN in panama that were initiated by the administration in july 9999 and stretched into last october . 
the guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the u.s. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a u.s. role in assassinations . 
in fact , yesterday the administration and congress were still UNKNOWN on what had been agreed to . 
one administration official said notification was required even if the u.s. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to UNKNOWN a dictator 's life . 
but a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the u.s. . 
although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to UNKNOWN and uncertainty on the part of u.s. intelligence and military UNKNOWN in panama . 
one senior administration official called the guideline `` UNKNOWN '' and said it could make u.s. UNKNOWN reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble . 
the issue came to a head last year , officials UNKNOWN , partly because the reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new panama coup efforts . 
in addition , both administration and congressional officials said the need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a white house desire to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign . 
though the assassination ban is a white house order that congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
last week , central intelligence agency director william webster publicly called on congress to provide new UNKNOWN of the assassination order that would permit the u.s. more freedom to act in coups . 
the administration has reacted to criticism that it UNKNOWN the latest coup attempt by seeking to blame congress for restrictions the white house said have hampered its freedom of action . 
however , last week mr. webster 's two top cia UNKNOWN said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in panama . 
nevertheless , the administration 's criticisms appeared to have made some UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN boren and cohen after their oct. 99 meeting with the president . 
the three men agreed to UNKNOWN the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any UNKNOWN that may have hampered u.s. UNKNOWN of coups against UNKNOWN leaders . 
the new argument over the notification guideline , however , could sour any atmosphere of cooperation that existed . 
gerald f. UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
mutual funds arrived in the u.s. during the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( they had been in britain for a century ) , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 9999s . 
by 9999 , there were more than 999 such funds . 
besides creating a vehicle for investors , money market funds also helped UNKNOWN banking regulations . 
the idea was to let small investors , the UNKNOWN of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
this had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use UNKNOWN sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth UNKNOWN place . 
the UNKNOWN price of $ 9 a share came about by accident . 
an early fund had filed a registration with the securities and exchange commission that included a fixed $ 9 price . 
it arrived just as the regulator handling such operations was retiring . 
his successor approved the $ 9 price in the process of clearing the UNKNOWN papers on his desk . 
when dreyfus started the first UNKNOWN retail fund in february 9999 , it was priced at $ 99 a share ( and reached $ 9 billion in assets in one year . ) 
dreyfus moved to the $ 9 price after the sec set standards -- an average 999-day maturity of high-grade paper -- that are still the rule . 
keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a UNKNOWN . 
actually , the funds do UNKNOWN , but beyond the third UNKNOWN place . 
UNKNOWN keeps them at $ 9 . 
eventually , the money funds ' success forced UNKNOWN of curbs on bank interest rates to allow banks to offer competing yields . 
the new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 99 % of fund owners ( there are more than 99 million accounts ) started with a money fund . 
today more than 999 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 999 billion . 
( the UNKNOWN tax-exempt funds add $ 99 billion . ) 
dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 9 billion in 9999 to closes to $ 99 billion today . 
procter & gamble co. and UNKNOWN corp. said they received early UNKNOWN of the waiting period under the UNKNOWN act regarding the proposed $ 9.9 billion merger of UNKNOWN into p&g . 
shareholders of UNKNOWN , of hunt valley , md. , will vote on the merger at a special meeting on nov. 99 , the companies said . 
p&g , cincinnati , agreed to exchange 9.999 share of its common stock for each share of UNKNOWN common and class b stock , a total of about 99 million p&g shares . 
the transaction would mark the entry of p&g into cosmetics . 
the company already markets a wide range of UNKNOWN , food , household and health-care products . 
shareholders of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . h. postponed their formal UNKNOWN of a merger with daimler-benz ag until another meeting on nov. 99 . 
the owners of the defense and aerospace concern , which include three regional states , several industrial companies and banks , met friday to discuss the final terms of the transaction , in which daimler-benz will acquire 99.99 % of 
but agreement UNKNOWN could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , which are demanding more influence over the german UNKNOWN operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled northern german region . 
the two states and the state of UNKNOWN still hold a majority in UNKNOWN , but their stake will fall to around 99 % after daimler-benz acquires its stake in the concern . 
jeffrey e. UNKNOWN was named vice president and chief economist of this commodity futures and options exchange . 
he had been associate professor in the department of finance at UNKNOWN hall university . 
sierra tucson cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 9.9 million common shares , which raised $ 99 million . 
the tucson , ariz. , operator of UNKNOWN centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
oppenheimer & co. was the lead underwriter . 
the government issues its first reading on third-quarter real gross national product this week in a report that is expected to disclose much UNKNOWN inflation . 
the consensus view on real gnp , the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 9.9 % gain , down from the second quarter 's 9.9 % , according to UNKNOWN international , a unit of mcgraw-hill inc. , new york . 
but inflation , as measured by the gnp UNKNOWN in thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 9.9 % , down from 9.9 % in the second quarter . 
`` inflation could be a real surprise , '' said samuel d. UNKNOWN , chief financial economist at kleinwort benson government securities inc. , in chicago . 
`` if that gets people UNKNOWN , it could serve as an UNKNOWN to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added . 
the week 's other UNKNOWN indicators include mid-october auto sales , september durable goods orders as well as september personal income , personal consumption and the saving rate . 
most are expected to fall below UNKNOWN levels . 
many economists see even slower gnp growth for the remainder of the year , with some leaning more strongly toward a possible recession . 
in addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- hurricane hugo and the san francisco earthquake -- will carry economic UNKNOWN in the fourth quarter . 
the recent one-day , 999-point drop in the dow jones industrial average seems to be significant to economists mainly for its UNKNOWN comment on the poor quality of third-quarter profits now being reported . 
`` the stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says michael k. evans , president of evans economics inc. , washington . 
the economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice UNKNOWN . 
on the other hand , mr. evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a UNKNOWN out of fourth-quarter gnp . '' 
his estimate of 9.9 % for third-quarter gnp is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate . 
demand , he believes , is being met from UNKNOWN rather than new production . 
by and large , economists believe the two natural UNKNOWN will limit economic damage to their regions . 
edward j. campbell , economist at brown brothers UNKNOWN & co. , new york , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas . 
gary UNKNOWN , economist at fleet / UNKNOWN financial group , providence , UNKNOWN , expects the UNKNOWN to rise 9.9 % , well below the second quarter 's 9.9 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
he expects real gnp growth of only 9.9 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures . 
sung won UNKNOWN , chief economist at UNKNOWN corp. , minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility `` increases the possibility of economic recession and UNKNOWN the bad news '' from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports . 
the consensus calls for a 9.9 % increase in september personal income and a 9.9 % gain in consumption . 
in august , personal income rose 9.9 % and personal consumption increased 9.9 % . 
charles UNKNOWN , managing director of financial markets UNKNOWN at manufacturers hanover securities corp. , new york , said UNKNOWN hugo UNKNOWN 9.9 % to 9.9 % from UNKNOWN growth , because of greatly diminished UNKNOWN income from tourism . 
durable goods orders for september , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 9 % , compared with august 's 9.9 % increase . 
as usual , estimates on the UNKNOWN report are wide , running from a drop of 9.9 % to a gain of 9.9 % . 
hastings manufacturing co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 99 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable dec. 99 to shares of record nov. 99 . 
this is the 99th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents . 
the hastings , mich. , concern makes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , filters and fuel UNKNOWN . 
vickers plc , a united kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by new zealand financier ron UNKNOWN raised its stake in the company friday to 99.99 % from about 99.9 % thursday and from 99.9 % the previous week . 
UNKNOWN securities ltd. , a unit of mr. UNKNOWN 's hong UNKNOWN industrial equity ( pacific ) ltd. , boosted its holdings in vickers to 99.9 million shares . 
the latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months . 
in may , mr. UNKNOWN 's stake UNKNOWN to 9.9 % after ranging between 9 % and 99 % for much of the previous year . 
`` ron UNKNOWN clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a vickers spokesman said . 
the spokesman refused to comment on speculation that industrial equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company . 
vickers makes tanks for the u.k. army , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cars , and has marine and medical businesses . 
when UNKNOWN andersson set out to revive UNKNOWN swedish conglomerate trelleborg ab in the early 9999s , he UNKNOWN the advice of UNKNOWN management consultants . 
`` all these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' mr. andersson recalls . 
yet under its 99-year-old president , trelleborg moved aggressively into those UNKNOWN base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials . 
it was a UNKNOWN move for a UNKNOWN executive , fired after only two months as president of his previous company . 
but going against the grain has never UNKNOWN mr. andersson . 
UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN white UNKNOWN during a recent interview , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : `` it turned out to be lucky for us . 
if the whole market thinks what you 're doing is crazy you do n't have much competition . '' 
mr. andersson is anxious to strengthen trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
UNKNOWN , he did n't waste much time getting started . 
on tuesday , trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on stockholm 's stock exchange . 
at current market prices , the UNKNOWN public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 9.9 billion swedish UNKNOWN ( $ 999 million ) to trelleborg 's UNKNOWN , analysts say . 
the board had also been expected to approve a UNKNOWN billion international offering of new trelleborg shares . 
but that share issue -- intended to make trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
trelleborg 's internationally traded `` UNKNOWN '' series stock plunged UNKNOWN ( $ 9.99 ) to UNKNOWN ( $ 99.99 ) in volatile trading monday in stockholm . 
tuesday , the shares UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , closing at UNKNOWN . 
mr. andersson says he is confident that taking parts of the company public will help UNKNOWN the `` conglomerate UNKNOWN '' that has held down trelleborg 's share price . 
trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 99 % of both units . 
the spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
a family foundation set up by late founder henry UNKNOWN controls 99 % of trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
but the foundation UNKNOWN require the entire trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 99 % . 
that possibility had UNKNOWN closer as repeated new share offerings to finance trelleborg 's rapid growth steadily diluted the foundation 's holding . 
that growth is the result of mr. andersson 's shopping spree , during which he has bought and sold more than 999 companies during the past five years . 
most of the new UNKNOWN were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gained during earlier UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN maker ab UNKNOWN , mr. andersson and a handful of loyal UNKNOWN aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results . 
the treatment turned trelleborg into one of UNKNOWN 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
between 9999 and 9999 , sales UNKNOWN more than 99 times and pretax profit surged almost UNKNOWN . 
many analysts expect mr. andersson , who owns 9.9 % of the company , to be named trelleborg 's new chairman when UNKNOWN UNKNOWN steps down next year . 
but the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style mr. andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a UNKNOWN waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
last month , in his UNKNOWN move yet , mr. andersson and trelleborg joined forces with canada 's noranda inc. in a joint $ 9 billion hostile takeover of another big canadian mining concern , falconbridge ltd . 
industry analysts suggest that the UNKNOWN of falconbridge could UNKNOWN trelleborg from a regional UNKNOWN success story to a UNKNOWN mining concern . 
`` trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as UNKNOWN corp. or UNKNOWN corp. , '' says mike UNKNOWN , a mining analyst at james capel & co. , london . 
`` but we certainly like what we 've seen so far . '' 
but trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles . 
mr. andersson acknowledges that the company 's mining division `` will be busy for a while UNKNOWN its recent expansion . '' 
booming metals prices have fueled trelleborg 's recent profit surge , raising mining 's share of pretax profit to 99 % this year from a big loss two years earlier . 
but analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
mining is likely to remain trelleborg 's main business . 
analysts say its chances of success will likely UNKNOWN on how well trelleborg manages to cooperate with noranda in the falconbridge venture . 
noranda and trelleborg each came close to winning falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid . 
some analysts say noranda would prefer to break up falconbridge , and that the UNKNOWN -- relatively UNKNOWN in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like noranda operating on its home turf . 
mr. andersson insists that trelleborg and noranda have n't discussed a falconbridge UNKNOWN . 
falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form . 
`` we 'd be reluctant to accept 99-99 ownership in a manufacturing company . 
but such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , '' trelleborg 's president says . 
perhaps more important , both companies share mr. andersson 's belief in the coming UNKNOWN of base industries . 
`` if the 9999s were a decade of consumption , the '99s will be the investment decade , '' mr. andersson says . 
`` the whole of europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a UNKNOWN in infrastructure investment , '' he says . 
`` that 's beginning to change . 
and investment is the key word for base metals , and most other businesses trelleborg is in . 
apple computer inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 99 million gain on the sale of its stock in adobe systems inc . 
excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 9.9 % increase for the quarter ended sept. 99 to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
proceeds of the adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
apple shares fell 99 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 99 a share . 
fiscal fourth-quarter sales grew about 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
without the adobe gain , apple 's full-year operating profit edged up 9.9 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
including the adobe gain , full-year net was $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales for the year rose nearly 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
john UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN / 99 and UNKNOWN computers , introduced in the winter , for the UNKNOWN sales performance . 
mr. UNKNOWN also indicated that sagging margins , which UNKNOWN the company through most of 9999 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
`` adverse pressure on gross margins ... has UNKNOWN , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
margins in the fiscal fourth quarter UNKNOWN up , rising to 99 % from 99.9 % a year earlier . 
for all of fiscal 9999 , however , the average gross margin was 99 % , below the average 9999 gross margin of 99 % . 
lower component costs -- especially for drams , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said . 
looking ahead to 9999 , mr. UNKNOWN predicted `` another year of significant revenue growth , '' along with improved profitability , as the recovery in gross margins continues into 9999 . 
gary j. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , was named president and chief operating officer . 
UNKNOWN makes UNKNOWN materials that it describes as `` plastic wood . '' 
the operating chief 's post is new . 
martin UNKNOWN , 99 , who had been president , was named vice chairman . 
he remains chief executive officer . 
mr. UNKNOWN was vice president and chief operating officer of the UNKNOWN division of UNKNOWN technology corp . 
separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of david l. UNKNOWN , a consultant . 
the company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 999,999 . 
terry l. UNKNOWN , formerly general manager of canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , north american sales , of this plastics concern . 
also , larry a. UNKNOWN , executive vice president , north american operations , was named head of the company 's international automotive operations , another new position . 
he remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for a. UNKNOWN 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
gordon UNKNOWN will succeed mr. UNKNOWN as manager of canadian operations , and mr. UNKNOWN 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said . 
general electric co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the ocean state power project for the second phase of an independent $ 999 million power plant , which is being built in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
ge , along with a division of UNKNOWN , a subsidiary of enserch corp. , have been building the first UNKNOWN phase of the project , which they expect to complete in late 9999 . 
the second portion will be completed the following year . 
ge 's power generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion . 
the environmental protection agency is getting a lot out of the superfund program . 
of the $ 9.9 billion spent so far on the program , 99 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the office of technology assessment just reported . 
only 99 of 9,999 priority cleanup sites have been `` UNKNOWN . '' 
over the next 99 years , $ 999 billion is earmarked for the program . 
at current UNKNOWN , that means UNKNOWN will be spending $ 999 billion on itself . 
it may not be toxic , but we know where one waste dump is . 
chambers development co. said its security bureau inc. unit purchased two security concerns in florida that will add $ 9.9 million of annual revenue . 
purchase of the businesses serving miami , fort UNKNOWN and west palm beach , fla. , is part of a plan by chambers to expand in the growing security industry . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN ag said it moved its headquarters for latin america to mexico and the headquarters for the asia / australia regional division to singapore , effective UNKNOWN . 
the central offices for both regions were previously located in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN headquarters . 
the west german chemical concern called the moves a further step in the UNKNOWN of its business activities . 
both regions are the fastest-growing areas for UNKNOWN , the company said . 
david h. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN drug stores inc. unit , based in UNKNOWN , va . 
mr. UNKNOWN was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
UNKNOWN is a tobacco , retailing , restaurant and financial services concern . 
lotus development corp. is in talks to sell its signal UNKNOWN service to UNKNOWN inc. , the new york parent of financial news network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
they said the price would be around $ 99 million . 
signal , which has an estimated 99,999 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock UNKNOWN over an UNKNOWN radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers . 
the computers will display stock prices selected by users . 
lotus , cambridge , mass. , has been rumored to have the sale of the four-year-old unit under consideration for a year . 
the business is n't related to lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` UNKNOWN submit your offers , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN jr . 
he UNKNOWN the prospective investors gathered in the board room of the philippine government 's asset privatization trust for the sale of a 99 % interest in the country 's largest paper mill . 
the agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 99 million . 
not a UNKNOWN is offered . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the trust 's associate executive UNKNOWN , declares the bidding a failure . 
`` it 's getting harder to sell , '' he UNKNOWN as he leaves the room . 
indeed . recently , the trust failed to auction off the paper mill , a bank , an office building and a small UNKNOWN plant . 
of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
in october 9999 , president UNKNOWN UNKNOWN vowed that her government would `` get out of business '' by selling all or part of the state 's holdings in the many companies taken over by the government during the 99-year rule of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
two years later , mrs. UNKNOWN 's promise remains largely UNKNOWN . 
october is a critical month for the privatization program . 
manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged . 
in addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for UNKNOWN philippine airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist UNKNOWN UNKNOWN calls `` the bellwether of privatization . '' 
all told , there are assets on the line valued at up to $ 9.99 billion . 
the privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise UNKNOWN needed funds . 
much of the money from the sales is earmarked for a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN program . 
but efforts have been UNKNOWN by official UNKNOWN , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a UNKNOWN 's pace , political opposition and government UNKNOWN . 
most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list . 
rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government UNKNOWN several big assets . 
the UNKNOWN appears to be that the more valuable the asset , the harder the privatization process . 
`` you just do n't see a whole lot happening , '' says an international economist . 
to be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
the asset privatization trust , the agency UNKNOWN responsible for selling UNKNOWN properties , has recorded sales of more than $ 999 million since it began UNKNOWN in december 9999 . 
but its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
dealing with the sales this month could be particularly challenging because almost every problem that has UNKNOWN the program in the past is UNKNOWN up again . 
UNKNOWN garcia , the asset trust 's executive UNKNOWN , admits to what he calls `` temporary setbacks . '' 
in light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
october 's troubles began when the trust failed to sell a state-owned commercial bank , associated bank , for the minimum price of 999 million UNKNOWN ( $ 99 million ) . 
at the end of the month , the agency again will offer the bank . 
but instead of a minimum price , only a target price will be established . 
bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
the bank has a negative net worth , they say . 
in addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the right to match the highest bid . 
mr. UNKNOWN lost control to the government in 9999 when a government bank made emergency loans to the UNKNOWN institution . 
in 9999 , the loans were converted into equity , giving manila 99 % of the bank , but with the understanding that mr. UNKNOWN had repurchase rights . 
his ability to match any bid has scared off many potential buyers . 
separately , the government will try again within a month to sell the 99 % stake in paper industries corp. of the philippines , or picop , as the paper mill is known . 
the price will depend on how much picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
but according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
as it stands now , the government would continue to hold 99 % of picop after the 99 % stake is sold . 
( about 9.9 % of picop is publicly traded and other shareholders own the rest of the equity . ) 
potential buyers , mostly foreign companies , are reluctant to take a UNKNOWN stake in a company that , by the government 's own UNKNOWN , needs some $ 999 million in new capital for rehabilitation . 
the prospect of buying into a UNKNOWN company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the UNKNOWN group of australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
mr. garcia acknowledges the problem and says the asset trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of picop 's equity is limited to 99 % . 
even though the government would retain the 99 % stake in picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
a series of newspaper articles accused the trust of UNKNOWN the government over the picop sale . 
mr. garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency . 
the question of control could further UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plans for the government to UNKNOWN itself of philippine airlines , in which it has a 99 % stake . 
the carrier has valuable UNKNOWN and asian routes but it remains UNKNOWN and poorly managed . 
this maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine . 
the new directors are gordon m. UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN inc. , and peter s. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN services inc . 
gerard e. wood , 99 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company . 
he succeeds harry a. UNKNOWN , 99 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant . 
mr. wood has been president and chief executive of steep rock resources inc . 
eagle financial corp. and webster financial corp. , two connecticut savings bank-holding companies , agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction . 
the new holding company , webster / eagle bancorp inc. , will have about $ 9.9 billion of assets and 99 banking offices in connecticut . 
tangible capital will be about $ 999 million . 
the merger is subject to regulatory UNKNOWN and a definitive agreement . 
in the merger , each share of webster , based in UNKNOWN , will be converted into one share of the new company . 
each share of eagle , based in UNKNOWN , will become 9.99 share of webster / eagle . 
in american stock exchange composite trading friday , eagle shares rose 99.9 cents to $ 99 . 
in national over-the-counter trading , webster shares fell 99 cents to $ 99.999 . 
webster has 9.9 million shares outstanding and eagle 9.9 million . 
their indicated market values thus are about $ 99.9 million and $ 99.9 million , respectively . 
frank j. UNKNOWN , chairman of eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and james c. smith , president and chief executive officer of webster , will take those posts at webster / eagle . 
harold w. smith sr. , chairman of webster , will become chairman UNKNOWN and a director of the new company . 
ralph t. UNKNOWN , vice chairman of eagle , will become vice chairman of webster / eagle . 
the board will be made up of seven directors of each holding company . 
in an interview , james smith said the banks ' `` markets are UNKNOWN and their business UNKNOWN are similar and conservative . '' 
nonperforming loans will make up only about 9.9 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
at june 99 , webster , which owns first federal savings & loan association of UNKNOWN , had assets of $ 999 million . 
eagle , which controls UNKNOWN federal savings bank and first federal savings & loan association of UNKNOWN , had assets of $ 999.9 million on that date . 
UNKNOWN ortiz 's sept. 99 UNKNOWN column , `` mexico 's been UNKNOWN by the privatization UNKNOWN , '' is a UNKNOWN clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all americans who wish his country well . 
the UNKNOWN states institute is UNKNOWN to see such a high official as mexico 's UNKNOWN of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of UNKNOWN change toward free-market economics , especially in the UNKNOWN countries . 
having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to UNKNOWN the case . 
it is not quite true , for example , that the mexican government has `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN , as mr. ortiz claims . 
in the same sentence he UNKNOWN himself when he reports that the government still retains 99 % of the total equity of the airline . 
how can a company be considered `` UNKNOWN '' if the state is so heavily represented in it ? 
( true , the mexican government has granted `` control '' over the airline to a new private consortium , but its UNKNOWN to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be UNKNOWN . ) 
UNKNOWN , too , mr. ortiz resorts to the familiar `` numbers game '' when he boasts that `` fewer than 999 { state enterprises } currently remain in the public sector , '' down from the `` 9,999 public entities that existed in 9999 . 
'' but the enterprises still in state hands include the biggest and most economically powerful ones in mexico ; indeed , they virtually constitute the economic infrastructure . 
i refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and UNKNOWN . 
those enterprises , however , are not going to be UNKNOWN . 
they are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is UNKNOWN by the mexican constitution . 
in language that UNKNOWN the issue , mr. ortiz writes , `` the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN public enterprises is an essential element of president carlos UNKNOWN 's plan to UNKNOWN mexico 's economy ... . '' 
yet clearly , UNKNOWN must UNKNOWN its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization UNKNOWN . '' 
the bottom line , however , is not economic but political reform . 
a long succession of mexican presidents UNKNOWN UNKNOWN whatever industry they took a fancy to , without having to answer to the public . 
to guarantee that UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN and other companies will really be UNKNOWN , mexico needs a UNKNOWN political system that will ensure democracy and hence UNKNOWN . 
daniel james president UNKNOWN states institute 
the board of this UNKNOWN , puerto rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 99 cents a share for the third quarter . 
the UNKNOWN thrift institution in puerto rico also said it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week . 
UNKNOWN federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more UNKNOWN capital requirements under the financial institutions reform , recovery , and enforcement act of 9999 . 
a labor-management group is preparing a revised buy-out bid for united airlines parent ual corp. that would transfer majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands , according to people familiar with the group . 
the group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 999 to $ 999 a share , or $ 9.99 billion to $ 9.99 billion . 
but to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a ual board meeting today . 
instead , the group is raising the proposal UNKNOWN to try to test the board 's reaction . 
people familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 999-a-share , $ 9.99 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , british airways plc , dropped out . 
in composite trading friday on the new york stock exchange , ual closed at $ 999.99 a share , down $ 99.999 . 
but the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 9999 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace british air . 
although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
after the collapse of the last effort , the group does n't plan to make any formal proposal without UNKNOWN commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed . 
under the type of transaction being discussed , the UNKNOWN group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders . 
those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company . 
for example , the group could offer $ 999 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 99 a share . 
ual currently has 99.9 million shares , fully diluted . 
the new structure would be similar to a recapitalization in which holders get a special dividend yet retain a controlling ownership interest . 
the difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control . 
the failed takeover would have given ual employees 99 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 99 % control and british air 99 % . 
it was n't clear how the ownership would UNKNOWN up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 99 % . 
management 's total could be reduced , and the public could get more than the 99 % control that had been earmarked for british air . 
one option the board is likely to consider today is some sort of UNKNOWN period . 
although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , ual chairman stephen wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time . 
the board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote , particularly since one-third of ual stock is held by takeover stock speculators who favor a sale . 
the labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board . 
however , the only UNKNOWN who has emerged to lead such a shareholder vote , los angeles investor marvin davis , who triggered the buy-out with a $ 9.9 billion bid in early august , is hanging back -- apparently to avoid being blamed for contributing to the deal 's collapse . 
three top advisers to mr. davis visited new york late last week , at least in part to UNKNOWN with executives at citicorp . 
mr. davis had paid $ 9 million for citicorp 's backing of his last bid . 
but citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group . 
on friday , british air issued a statement saying it `` does not intend to participate in any new deal for the acquisition of ual in the foreseeable future . '' 
however , several people said that british air might yet UNKNOWN the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from british regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the ual buy-out . 
also late last week , ual flight attendants agreed to participate with the pilots in UNKNOWN a revised offer . 
but the machinists union , whose opposition helped UNKNOWN the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly UNKNOWN investor . 
one advantage the buy-out group intends to press with the board is that pilots have agreed to make $ 999 million in annual cost concessions to help finance a bid . 
speculation has also UNKNOWN that the ual executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer john UNKNOWN , may come under pressure to resign . 
however , people familiar with the buy-out group said mr. UNKNOWN 's departure would weaken the airline 's management at a critical time . 
despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , ual remains UNKNOWN to pay $ 99.9 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , lazard UNKNOWN & co. , salomon brothers inc. , and paul weiss UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & garrison . 
UNKNOWN communications limited partnership , UNKNOWN , tenn. , will launch its first media property targeting hispanic women . 
`` la UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN , '' or `` today 's family , '' will debut this spring and will combine a national UNKNOWN magazine and tv programming . 
the television element of `` la UNKNOWN '' includes a series of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN features to air seven days a week on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN network , a unit of UNKNOWN holdings inc. , which is 99%-owned by UNKNOWN cards inc . 
the features will focus on `` UNKNOWN , family health and UNKNOWN , and financial management , '' and will carry 99 seconds of advertising . 
the magazines , also UNKNOWN , will be distributed in more than 99,999 doctors ' offices , UNKNOWN , and health centers in hispanic and largely hispanic communities . 
UNKNOWN steel corp. said it completed a $ 999 million sale of 99-year notes , the final step in the 9999 buy-out of the company from national steel corp . 
the 99 9\/9 % notes were priced at 99.9 % to yield 99.999 % in an offering managed by bear , stearns & co. , shearson lehman hutton inc. and lazard UNKNOWN & co. , the company said . 
UNKNOWN , of UNKNOWN , w. va. , said $ 99.9 million of the proceeds were used to UNKNOWN the remaining amounts on the note outstanding to national intergroup inc. , the parent of national steel . 
remaining proceeds were used to pay other debt and to finance the company 's capital spending program . 
UNKNOWN group plc of britain , which holds a 99.99 % stake in profit systems inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having `` active control '' of the company . 
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , UNKNOWN group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the profit systems shares it does n't already own . 
it noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
UNKNOWN group and affiliates currently control 9,999,999 profit systems common shares , or 99.99 % , the filing said . 
profit systems , valley stream , n.y. , is an air freight UNKNOWN concern . 
u.s. official reserve assets rose $ 9.99 billion in september , to $ 99.99 billion , the treasury department said . 
the gain compared with a $ 9.99 billion decline in reserve assets in august to $ 99.99 billion , the department said . 
u.s. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies , gold , special drawing rights at the international monetary fund and the u.s. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the UNKNOWN . 
the nation 's holdings of foreign currencies increased $ 9.99 billion in september to $ 99.99 billion , while its gold reserves were virtually unchanged at $ 99.99 billion . 
u.s. holdings of UNKNOWN special drawing rights last month rose $ 999 million , to $ 9.99 billion , and its reserve position at the UNKNOWN increased $ 999 million , to $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN of america inc. plans to sell its consolidated aluminum corp. subsidiary as part of its strategy to focus more on aluminum packaging in the u.s. . 
UNKNOWN , of new york , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired first boston corp. to help identify bidders . 
UNKNOWN is a subsidiary of swiss UNKNOWN ltd. , a zurich , switzerland , producer of aluminum , chemicals and packaging products . 
consolidated , which had 9999 revenue of $ 999 million , makes aluminum sheet and UNKNOWN products at its UNKNOWN , ohio , and jackson , tenn. , rolling mills and UNKNOWN aluminum at a plant in UNKNOWN run , UNKNOWN . 
manhattan national corp. said michael a. conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries . 
he succeeds paul p. UNKNOWN jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said . 
mr. conway , 99 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of manhattan life insurance co. and president and chief executive of manhattan national life insurance co . 
harry UNKNOWN , 99 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of manhattan national life insurance co . 
mr. conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of union central life insurance co. , of cincinnati , in 9999 , when union central bought a 99 % interest in manhattan national corp . 
he resigned as an officer of central life to accept the manhattan national presidency . 
daniel j. UNKNOWN , a director of first illinois corp. , said that in august he reduced his stake in first illinois to 99.99 % of the common shares outstanding . 
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , mr. UNKNOWN said he sold 999,999 first illinois common shares from aug. 9 to aug. 99 for $ 9.9999 to $ UNKNOWN a share . 
as a result of the sales he holds 9,999,999 shares . 
mr. UNKNOWN said in the filing that he sold the stock to decrease his position in the UNKNOWN , ill. , banking concern . 
he may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said . 
scimed life systems inc. , minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor . 
a lower court in st. paul had ruled in september 9999 that a heart UNKNOWN scimed UNKNOWN does n't UNKNOWN on a patent owned by advanced UNKNOWN systems , a unit of UNKNOWN lilly & co . 
scimed said the appeals court UNKNOWN the case back to the district court for further proceedings . 
in national over-the-counter trading friday , scimed shares tumbled $ 9.99 to $ 99 . 
scimed said it `` remains committed '' both to the `` UNKNOWN defense '' of its position that the UNKNOWN does n't UNKNOWN the lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own UNKNOWN , which UNKNOWN lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other UNKNOWN acts . 
a revised bid for ual is being prepared by a labor-management group , sources said . 
the new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of united air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 999 to $ 999 a share , or as much as $ 9.99 billion . 
but ual 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 999-a-share bid that collapsed recently . 
takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 999 million from the failed ual offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
ford and saab ended talks about a possible alliance after ford concluded that the cost to UNKNOWN saab 's car operations would UNKNOWN the likely return . 
the collapse friday prompted speculation that ford would intensify its pursuit of jaguar , which is negotiating a defensive alliance with gm . 
stock prices edged up in quiet trading friday . 
the dow jones industrials rose 9.99 , to 9999.99 , making the gain for the week a record 999.99 points , or 9.9 % . 
most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose . 
new york city bonds were sold off by many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty . 
more banks are being hurt by arizona 's worsening real-estate slump . 
first interstate bancorp of los angeles said friday it expects a $ 99 million quarterly loss , citing UNKNOWN losses at its arizona unit . 
opec 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
opec officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
saatchi & saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said . 
the proposals , from UNKNOWN including interpublic group , come as the london-based ad giant UNKNOWN through its most difficult period ever . 
qintex australia suffered another setback friday when its los angeles-based affiliate filed for chapter 99 protection . 
qintex 's $ 9.9 billion pact to buy mgm / ua collapsed recently . 
kodak entered the high-definition television market by UNKNOWN a device that can convert conventional film into high-definition video . 
a handful of small u.s. firms are UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN market to japanese manufacturers . 
freight rates are UNKNOWN out and starting to rebound . 
trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases , reflecting higher costs and UNKNOWN demand . 
texaco has purchased an UNKNOWN company in texas for $ 999.9 million . 
it is texaco 's first major acquisition since the legal battle with pennzoil began over four years ago . 
winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss and slashed its dividend in half , reflecting the UNKNOWN slowdown in UNKNOWN vehicle sales . 
markets -- 
stocks : 
volume 999,999,999 shares . 
dow jones industrials 9999.99 , up 9.99 ; transportation 9999.99 , off 99.99 ; utilities 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
bonds : 
shearson lehman hutton treasury index 9999.99 , off 
commodities : 
dow jones futures index 999.99 , off 9.99 ; spot index 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
dollar : 
999.99 yen , up 9.99 ; 9.9999 marks , up 9.9999 . 
UNKNOWN corp. , a UNKNOWN direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories , said directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend as too great a drain on funds . 
the company paid five cents a share in april . 
the directors ' action , taken oct. 99 but announced friday , had little or no effect on the company 's stock , which UNKNOWN at $ 9.99 in light over-the-counter trading . 
UNKNOWN recently disclosed a $ 99.9 million UNKNOWN related to a corporate restructuring that resulted in the company 's posting a $ 9.9 million net loss for the year ended july 99 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 9.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
`` the board felt that the continued payment of our semiannual dividend was UNKNOWN with recent operating results , '' said kenneth a. UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer . 
`` all our efforts are now focused on improving earnings to the point where we can fund additional UNKNOWN development , continue to invest in the business and UNKNOWN the dividend , '' he added . 
the company offers more than 9,999 parts and supplies directly to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN users through catalog sales . 
the food and drug administration said american home products corp. agreed to recall certain UNKNOWN drugs that were produced by its quantum UNKNOWN unit in UNKNOWN , n.y . 
quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
the fda requested the recall of quantum 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN because , it said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain fda approval was in each case UNKNOWN as much larger than it actually was . 
american home products , based in new york , agreed to recall four other products , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the fda . 
no safety problems with the products are known , the fda said . 
an fda UNKNOWN said the drugs are still available under other brand names . 
last month , american home products said it was UNKNOWN production and distribution of all 99 of quantum 's UNKNOWN drug products pending the completion of an UNKNOWN internal audit . 
it also temporarily closed quantum , because of the internal investigation , as well as the fda 's ongoing inquiry . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , american home products rose 99 cents to $ 999 on friday . 
lyondell petrochemical co. said third-quarter net income fell 99 % , to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million a year earlier . 
year-earlier per-share results are n't UNKNOWN because the company went public in january . 
revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an UNKNOWN plant . 
like other refiners , lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
while the company said chemical margins continued to UNKNOWN this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and UNKNOWN are complete . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , lyondell was unchanged at $ 99.99 a share . 
four former UNKNOWN corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the UNKNOWN company 's sale of UNKNOWN , including conspiracy to hide UNKNOWN defects . 
jurors in u.s. district court in miami cleared harold UNKNOWN , a former executive vice president ; john UNKNOWN , a former vice president ; and stephen UNKNOWN and dean UNKNOWN , who had been engineers with UNKNOWN . 
earlier this year , UNKNOWN , a maker of medical devices , agreed to UNKNOWN guilty to felony and UNKNOWN charges related to the UNKNOWN and to pay the government about $ 9.9 million in fines and other costs . 
UNKNOWN sold its UNKNOWN operations two years ago to UNKNOWN holding ltd. of australia . 
papers : 
management and unions representing 9,999 employees at UNKNOWN corp. 's toronto star reached a UNKNOWN contract agreement friday , UNKNOWN a strike by most employees of canada 's largest daily newspaper . 
members of the largest union , representing 9,999 workers , voted in favor of the pact yesterday . 
four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval . 
the pact UNKNOWN a 9 9 / 9-year contract with a raise of 9 % in the first year , 9 % in the second and 9 % for the final six months . 
amgen inc. said its second-quarter earnings increased more than tenfold to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , due to increased sales of the company 's new UNKNOWN drug for kidney patients . 
the thousand UNKNOWN , calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 99 % increase in revenue to $ 99.9 million for the quarter ended sept. 99 . 
in the year-ago period , amgen reported net income of $ 999,999 , or two cents a share , on revenue of $ 99.9 million . 
for the six months , the company reported a more than UNKNOWN increase in earnings to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999,999 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 99.9 million , from last year 's $ 99 million . 
UNKNOWN lawmakers approved a peace plan but aoun rejected it . 
lebanon 's parliament passed the UNKNOWN accord to end the country 's 99-year-old conflict , but the christian military leader UNKNOWN the plan was `` full of UNKNOWN . '' 
the arab UNKNOWN pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the saudi UNKNOWN resort of UNKNOWN , includes syrian proposals for at least a partial troop UNKNOWN from lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in the parliament . 
the rejection by aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN 's 99,999 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt . 
northern california UNKNOWN for earthquake-related traffic UNKNOWN . 
as UNKNOWN pressed their efforts after finding a UNKNOWN in a collapsed freeway , the san francisco bay area UNKNOWN for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes UNKNOWN by last tuesday 's tremor . 
in oakland , officials said the 99-year-old UNKNOWN who spent four days UNKNOWN in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement . 
estimates of damage in the area , visited friday by bush , topped $ 9 billion . 
the baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the world series between the giants and the UNKNOWN would n't resume until friday . 
the u.s. . is required to notify foreign UNKNOWN of certain coup plans . 
under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the reagan administration and the senate intelligence panel last year , the u.s. must UNKNOWN foreign UNKNOWN of plans likely to UNKNOWN their lives . 
the existence of the policy became known after bush disclosed it to seven gop senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said . 
bush conceded that the requirement did n't affect a decision to lend only minor support to this month 's failed effort to oust panama 's noriega , aides said . 
the shuttle atlantis 's crew prepared to return to earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high UNKNOWN forecast at the landing site at edwards air force base , calif . 
the five UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN gear and tested the spacecraft 's UNKNOWN , said they were UNKNOWN about the UNKNOWN weather expected in the UNKNOWN desert . 
commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving south africa six months to deliver on UNKNOWN to ease apartheid or face new UNKNOWN . 
the 99-nation organization , meeting in malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
britain 's prime minister thatcher alone UNKNOWN . 
east germany 's leadership vowed UNKNOWN action to ease travel to the west . 
despite the UNKNOWN by the communist UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of thousands of people across the country staged UNKNOWN over the weekend to demand democratic UNKNOWN . 
in UNKNOWN , more than 999 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
the senate convicted federal judge alcee hastings of miami of eight impeachment articles , UNKNOWN him from the bench . 
the chamber voted 99-99 friday to UNKNOWN the judge of UNKNOWN and bribery conspiracy . 
it marked the first time a u.s. official was UNKNOWN on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
rep. garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in new york of UNKNOWN $ 99,999 from wedtech corp. in return for official acts by the new york democrat . 
the jury also convicted them of UNKNOWN in obtaining a $ 99,999 UNKNOWN loan from an officer of the UNKNOWN defense contractor . 
authorities in UNKNOWN launched an investigation into the cause of saturday 's crash of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that killed 999 of the 999 people UNKNOWN . 
the boeing 999 , UNKNOWN route to UNKNOWN from costa rica via nicaragua , UNKNOWN into the hills outside UNKNOWN as it approached the capital 's airport in high UNKNOWN and low clouds . 
the u.s. and israel have been holding what an aide to prime minister shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over mideast peace moves . 
the labor party , meanwhile , threatened to support a UNKNOWN motion to UNKNOWN the coalition unless shamir showed flexibility on UNKNOWN talks . 
nicaragua 's defense ministry said a group of contra rebels UNKNOWN two trucks carrying troops in northern nicaragua , killing 99 of the soldiers . 
the incident occurred saturday night . 
the UNKNOWN government and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN agreed in march to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting . 
scientists have isolated a UNKNOWN that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from UNKNOWN rejection , to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , immunex corp. said . 
the UNKNOWN is the mouse version of a protein called the UNKNOWN receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells . 
died : alfred UNKNOWN , 99 , former president of the federal reserve bank of new york , saturday , in new UNKNOWN , conn . 
UNKNOWN corp. said third-quarter net income increased 99 % to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , as a result of strong growth in UNKNOWN lines and long-distance minutes of use . 
the telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 9 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of UNKNOWN credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary . 
revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999 million . 
UNKNOWN quarterly profit increased 9 % to $ 99 million from $ 99 million , while UNKNOWN earnings declined 99 % to $ 9 million from $ 9 million . 
information systems posted a loss of $ 9 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN lines increased at an annualized rate of about 9 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 99 % . 
a 99 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 99 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.99 a share , down UNKNOWN cents . 
in east germany , where UNKNOWN has long been the only way to express political criticism , they 're not UNKNOWN about their new leader egon krenz . 
mr. krenz is such a UNKNOWN figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
`` you have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an east german mother of two who UNKNOWN UNKNOWN political UNKNOWN with her friends . 
`` with krenz , we just do n't know what to expect . '' 
mr. krenz does n't seem to be the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN many initially thought he was when the 99-year-old politburo member was selected last week to succeed UNKNOWN honecker . 
but he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either . 
according to east germany 's UNKNOWN news agency , mr. krenz spoke to soviet leader mikhail gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged east germany could learn from moscow 's glasnost policies . 
already last week , mr. krenz started UNKNOWN east germany 's heavily UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN news media . 
on thursday , a day after he took office , east german television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
the regular UNKNOWN news program and daily newspapers are also getting a visible UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN glasnost . 
`` it was quite a shock , '' says a 99-year-old east german UNKNOWN . 
`` for the first time in my life , i was n't sure whether i was listening to our news or west german television . '' 
other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for east germans , are expected . 
but whether such moves can win back the confidence of east germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust mr. krenz . 
and that 's a problem . 
mr. krenz is not only closely identified with his UNKNOWN , mr. honecker , but also blamed for ordering UNKNOWN police action against protesters this month and for UNKNOWN china for sending tanks against student demonstrators . 
`` i hope he grows with the job , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in east berlin . 
`` the most important thing is that he have a chance . '' 
although mr. krenz is UNKNOWN to east germany 's conservative UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , there is much about his style that sets him apart from his party UNKNOWN . 
unlike mr. honecker , who UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN people about socialist values , mr. krenz UNKNOWN asking questions . 
indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a UNKNOWN machine factory on the UNKNOWN of berlin and UNKNOWN among the workers -- a la gorbachev . 
he was later shown on television , UNKNOWN questions . 
at one point , he asked a worker whether he thought east germans were UNKNOWN the country because of UNKNOWN travel policies . 
the worker 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : `` it 's more than just travel . 
people have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
the exchange was all the more remarkable in that authorities released television UNKNOWN to western news agencies . 
this same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting u.s. congressmen this spring . 
rather than trying to `` UNKNOWN us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the UNKNOWN meeting , mr. krenz `` wanted to listen . '' 
rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN ) , one of the members of the delegation , says he was particularly impressed by mr. krenz 's ready admission that east germany needed to change . 
`` he 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , '' adds an aide to west german chancellor helmut kohl . 
but there 's another side to mr. krenz . 
born in a UNKNOWN town in an area which is now part of poland , he has UNKNOWN his life to the party apparatus . 
he moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his UNKNOWN , mr. honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
barbara UNKNOWN , an expert on east germany at radio free europe in UNKNOWN , says mr. krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer . 
even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for UNKNOWN within the communist party 's ruling politburo . 
against this background , the new east german leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
the sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady UNKNOWN of citizens UNKNOWN through poland and hungary , has plunged the country into its UNKNOWN political crisis since an UNKNOWN workers ' UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
`` he does n't have any UNKNOWN period , '' says a western UNKNOWN based in east berlin . 
`` but if he 's sharp and quick , he has a chance . '' 
the UNKNOWN adds that mr. krenz has several things going for him . 
the east german economy is strong compared with other east bloc nations . 
and his relative youth could help him project a more UNKNOWN image , UNKNOWN with the perception of mr. honecker as an UNKNOWN old man . 
for average east germans , mr. krenz remains a UNKNOWN . 
`` either he was n't being real in the past , or he is n't being real right now , '' says a 99-year-old east german doctor . 
`` either way , i have a problem with how quickly he 's changed . '' 
the doctor was among dozens of people UNKNOWN through east berlin 's UNKNOWN church saturday morning . 
the walls of the church are covered with UNKNOWN , news UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
`` i have to come here to read the walls , '' says the doctor , `` because it 's information i still ca n't get through the newspapers . '' 
meanwhile , east germany 's growing openness may even allow the UNKNOWN news media to display a UNKNOWN sense of UNKNOWN . 
television last week carried a new report on east berlin 's main UNKNOWN factory and the need to boost production . 
east germans remember a comment a few years ago by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the government 's top UNKNOWN , that just because a neighbor UNKNOWN new UNKNOWN , there 's no reason to change your own . 
his point was there is no reason for east germany to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN changes . 
`` it 's hard to know whether it was intended to be funny , '' says the east berlin UNKNOWN , `` but everyone i know UNKNOWN about it . 
the list of laboratories claiming to be producing UNKNOWN amounts of heat from `` cold fusion '' experiments is slowly growing . 
but the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the UNKNOWN of hydrogen atoms . 
new experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find UNKNOWN of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a texas experiment to support university of utah chemists ' claim of UNKNOWN hydrogen fusion at room UNKNOWN . 
the latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 99 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the UNKNOWN society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments . 
the meeting offered UNKNOWN evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research . 
of the 9,999 chemists registered for the society 's UNKNOWN meeting , fewer than 999 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion UNKNOWN at week 's end . 
this was in contrast with the society 's meeting last may , at the UNKNOWN of the controversy , when more than 9,999 scientists , along with scores of reporters and tv crews , crowded into a los angeles hotel UNKNOWN for a tumultuous special night session on the subject . 
neither of the two chemists whose utah experiments triggered the cold fusion UNKNOWN , martin fleischmann and b. stanley pons , were at the meeting . 
but some members of an ad UNKNOWN expert committee set up by the department of energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience . 
the committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether UNKNOWN should support cold fusion research . 
most of the two dozen scientists taking the UNKNOWN reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple UNKNOWN experiments described last march by messrs. fleischmann and pons . 
the experiments involve UNKNOWN a thin rod of palladium metal with a UNKNOWN of platinum and plunging the two UNKNOWN into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a UNKNOWN heavy form known as UNKNOWN . 
when an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum UNKNOWN , the heavy water did begin to break up , or UNKNOWN . 
ordinarily the UNKNOWN , or UNKNOWN , of the water would UNKNOWN almost all of the electrical energy . 
but messrs. fleischmann and pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat . 
the heat energy plus the energy UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN of the water UNKNOWN added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported . 
because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear UNKNOWN , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of UNKNOWN atoms inside the palladium rod . 
as of last weekend , a dozen UNKNOWN also have reported measuring `` excess '' heat from similar UNKNOWN experiments , although amounts of such heat vary widely . 
one of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by richard a. UNKNOWN , professor of chemical engineering at the university of minnesota . 
mr. UNKNOWN said his skepticism of the utah claims was initially confirmed when his first experiments last spring failed to produce results . 
but he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at texas UNKNOWN who said they were getting excess heat . 
`` the results were UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
on the fourth `` run '' with the borrowed rod , the experiment began producing excess heat . 
the experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument . 
when it was UNKNOWN , heat output `` really took off '' and produced excess heat for several hours before dying down , he said . 
typical of other experiments , mr. UNKNOWN said his experiment was `` very UNKNOWN . '' 
it would go along doing nothing but UNKNOWN the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 99 or 99 hours before UNKNOWN down . 
the excess heat was 99 % to 99 % more than the energy involved in the UNKNOWN of water . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly UNKNOWN during the experiments ' UNKNOWN times , as some scientists have suggested . 
`` there is a reality to the excess energy , '' he said . 
other scientists said they also were getting sporadic bursts of excess heat UNKNOWN several hours at a time . 
the bursts often occur , they said , after they `` UNKNOWN '' the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied , or switching the current off and on . 
one UNKNOWN privately suggested this UNKNOWN that some `` UNKNOWN '' chemical reactions might be producing the heat . 
one reason questions UNKNOWN the heat experiments is that they involve unusually UNKNOWN measurements . 
typically , the UNKNOWN energy ranges from a third of a UNKNOWN to one UNKNOWN and the excess energy is measured in UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN . 
one exception is a continuing experiment at stanford university where as much as 99 watts of energy are being put into the UNKNOWN cells . 
a cell filled with heavy water is producing 9.9 to 9.9 watts more heat than an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported UNKNOWN m. UNKNOWN , an associate of materials scientist robert a. UNKNOWN , head of the stanford experimental team . 
one of the few UNKNOWN the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by UNKNOWN john UNKNOWN of texas UNKNOWN university . 
mr. UNKNOWN previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of UNKNOWN increasing amounts of tritium UNKNOWN in the heavy water . 
he said that within the past few days , he 's gotten evidence that there is a `` weak UNKNOWN '' between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium . 
there is n't any way to UNKNOWN measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon . 
increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative . 
messrs. fleischmann and pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable . 
researchers at UNKNOWN national laboratories in UNKNOWN , n.m. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three UNKNOWN detectors into a UNKNOWN under 999 feet of granite to shield the detectors from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
a number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 999 hours of the experiment did they UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in all three detectors -- and they think that was a UNKNOWN event . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of los UNKNOWN national laboratory said researchers there detected a UNKNOWN of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last april but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it . 
in subsequent experiments , one of two UNKNOWN detectors occasionally indicated a UNKNOWN of neutrons but UNKNOWN bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time . 
they concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from UNKNOWN in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment . 
at the lawrence berkeley laboratory in california , new experiments indicated that the UNKNOWN added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously UNKNOWN electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which messrs. fleischmann and pons might have UNKNOWN , reported philip ross from the california laboratory . 
dow jones & co. announced wall street journal advertising rates for 9999 . 
the rates , which take effect jan. 9 , include a 9 % increase for national edition advertising . 
the journal also will offer expanded volume and UNKNOWN discounts . 
the increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 9.9 % increase in 9999 . 
`` UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN prices this year have not gone up , '' said peter r. UNKNOWN , president of dow jones . 
`` we have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs . 
fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating UNKNOWN with our customers . '' 
advertising rates for the eastern , midwest , western and southwest editions will increase an average 9.9 % , and rates for UNKNOWN advertising editions will increase 9.9 % . 
rates for the wall street journal reports will remain unchanged . 
a one-time UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the wall street journal national edition will cost $ 99,999 . 
advertising rates for the wall street journal / europe , published in brussels and printed in the netherlands and switzerland , will increase 9 % . 
rates for the asian wall street journal , published and printed in hong kong and also printed in singapore and tokyo , will rise 9 % . 
rates for the asian wall street journal weekly , published in new york for north american readers , will rise 9 % . 
dow jones also publishes UNKNOWN 's magazine , other UNKNOWN and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
it owns 99 % of telerate inc. , a leading supplier of computerized financial information on global markets . 
reflecting the impact of lower semiconductor prices and cuts in defense spending , texas instruments inc. said third-quarter net income fell 99 % and sales dropped slightly from a year earlier . 
net fell to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a common share , from $ 99.9 million or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales fell 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
for the nine months , the electronics and defense concern had net of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , down 9.9 % from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-ago period . 
sales were $ 9.99 billion , up 9.9 % from $ 9.9 billion . 
jerry UNKNOWN , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish UNKNOWN sales reduced demand for semiconductors . 
that , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher UNKNOWN expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
in addition , cost increases related to UNKNOWN defense contracts and a $ 99 million charge to reduce the work force of texas instruments ' UNKNOWN division also reduced net . 
however , the quarter results included $ 99 million in royalty income from patent licenses , up from $ 99 million in the year-earlier period . 
the nine months include $ 999 million of royalty income , up from $ 99 million last year . 
mr. UNKNOWN was n't optimistic about the short-term outlook , UNKNOWN that further UNKNOWN reductions may be needed . 
`` we expect near-term UNKNOWN in the electronics market , '' he said , `` and we will take ongoing UNKNOWN actions as necessary to keep operations UNKNOWN with demand . '' 
further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the information technology group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an UNKNOWN amount . 
lynch corp. said its lynch telephone corp. subsidiary completed the acquisition of western new mexico telephone co. for $ 99 million plus assumption of $ 99 million of debt . 
western new mexico telephone , silver city , had net income of $ 9.9 million on revenue of about $ 99 million last year . 
it is an independent phone company with a service area of 99,999 square miles in southwest new mexico . 
it is also a partner in the UNKNOWN cellular franchise covering most of western new mexico . 
the transaction represents lynch 's entry into the telephone business . 
the company , which has interests in television , trucking services , and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry . 
nelson UNKNOWN hunt 's attempted corner on silver a decade ago is still UNKNOWN the market in this metal . 
silver , now trading around $ 9 an ounce , surged to an UNKNOWN peak of $ 99 an ounce in january 9999 from around $ 9 in mid-9999 . 
`` mr. hunt 's attempt to squeeze the silver market 99 years ago is still indirectly to blame for today 's market depression , '' says UNKNOWN edgar , managing director of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ltd. , london bullion brokers . 
while some 999 million ounces of silver once held by mr. hunt and middle eastern associates are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 9999-99 UNKNOWN an expansion of mine production and scrap recovery and encouraged silver consumers to UNKNOWN on silver use , mr. edgar says . 
photographic developers , for example , bought equipment to recover silver from spent photographs , UNKNOWN and processing solutions . 
meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 99 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes . 
japanese and u.s. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and x-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say . 
silver 's history of volatility is also discouraging investors , dealers say . 
even in the present uncertain investment climate , investors are UNKNOWN `` quality assets '' such as treasury bills and bonds to gold , silver and platinum , dealers say . 
although prices rallied briefly following the tumble on world stock markets earlier this month and the related decline of the dollar , precious metals are out of favor for the moment because of high interest rates and a determination by industrial nations to curb inflation , dealers say . 
silver , however is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum . 
some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are UNKNOWN at levels last seen in the mid-9999s . 
`` bargain UNKNOWN believe that silver offers the best value UNKNOWN precious metals , '' says frederick r. UNKNOWN , analyst at drexel burnham lambert inc . 
a further decline in prices will lead to mine production cuts in the u.s. , he says . 
scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from india and the soviet union . 
silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations peru and mexico , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
meanwhile , total UNKNOWN demand for silver has risen six years in a row , he says . 
japanese demand grew by 99 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that will require 9.9 million ounces . 
compared with huge annual UNKNOWN of more than 999 million ounces in the first half of the 9999s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
despite UNKNOWN rallies in the past few years , improvements in the UNKNOWN balance have n't managed to push silver prices into a higher range . 
`` there 's just too much silver around , '' says tom butler , an analyst at samuel montagu & co. , a london bullion house . 
a huge silver UNKNOWN at exchanges , refiners , UNKNOWN industries and government UNKNOWN of at least 999 million ounces is the market UNKNOWN , says shearson lehman hutton inc. in a report . 
this year alone , inventories at the commodity exchange of new york jumped `` by a staggering 99 million to 999 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN and sales by UNKNOWN investors , says UNKNOWN o'connell , london-based precious metals analyst at shearson lehman hutton . 
`` silver production is also in an UNKNOWN upward trend , '' ms. o'connell says . 
moreover , while asian and middle eastern investors UNKNOWN gold and help UNKNOWN its price , silver does n't have the same UNKNOWN , dealers say . 
investors have gotten burned on silver so often that they are far more partial to gold , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , senior vice president at union bank of switzerland . 
yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says . 
however , dealers caution that any increase would be $ 9 to $ 9 at most . 
looking ahead to other commodity markets this week : 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN 
analysts expect the prices of live cattle futures contracts to rise in trading today in the wake of a government quarterly census that found UNKNOWN cattle on feedlots . 
after the close of trading friday , the agriculture department reported that feedlots in the 99 biggest ranch states held 9.99 million cattle on oct. 9 , down 9 % from that date a year earlier . 
most analysts had expected the government to report a 9 % decline . 
feedlots UNKNOWN young cattle for slaughter , so a decline signals a UNKNOWN supply of beef . 
the government reported that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter dropped 9 % compared with the year-earlier quarter . 
many industry analysts had been projecting a 9 % decline in UNKNOWN for the quarter . 
in the 9999 quarter , many farmers were forced to sell their cattle to UNKNOWN operators because the drought UNKNOWN out the UNKNOWN on their UNKNOWN . 
the number of cattle moving onto feedlots in the recent quarter was also lower because UNKNOWN cattle is less profitable . 
a shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for UNKNOWN operators to buy . 
the agriculture department also said that the number of UNKNOWN cattle UNKNOWN in the quarter dropped by 9 % from the 9999 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
energy 
friday 's UNKNOWN price drop to $ 99.99 in the UNKNOWN november contract for west texas intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the new york mercantile exchange . 
most traders and analysts attributed the decline to technical factors associated with the contract 's going off the board . 
others said that the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum UNKNOWN and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions . 
barring any UNKNOWN news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market UNKNOWN that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm . 
copper 
copper prices fell sharply friday afternoon . 
for example , copper for december delivery settled 9.9 cents lower at $ 9.9999 a pound . 
pressure came from several developments including the settlement of two long-term strikes . 
on friday , one analyst said , UNKNOWN workers UNKNOWN a new labor agreement ending a three-month strike at the UNKNOWN valley mine in british columbia . 
in mexico , the analyst added , employees at the cananea mine , who have been out of work since late august when the mine was declared UNKNOWN by the government , accepted a 99 % cut in the UNKNOWN work force . 
the mine is expected to return to production in about a week . 
on friday , selling dominated the afternoon `` curb '' session in london , which takes place at noon edt . 
the premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed , indicating weaker demand for cash copper . 
long-term support for the december contract was believed to be at $ 9.99 a pound . 
a technical analyst said there were a number of stop-loss orders under that level that were touched off when the contract 's price fell below it . 
that brought in considerable fund selling , which continued until the close of trading . 
`` in general , it was a bearish close , '' said ben UNKNOWN , a copper trader at rudolph UNKNOWN & co. , a major commodities trading and brokerage firm . 
but whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , `` we will know more when the london metal exchange copper stock levels are released monday morning . '' 
another analyst said he expected UNKNOWN inventories to be down by about 99,999 tons when the weekly report is issued . 
bernard savaiko , senior commodities analyst at painewebber inc. , said that when traders saw the market was n't reacting UNKNOWN to the forecasts of lower UNKNOWN stocks , they perceived a bearish sign . 
he also noted that the japanese , who had been buying at prices just above the $ 9.99 level , apparently pulled back from the market on friday . 
mr. savaiko said he sees a possibility of the december contract dropping to $ 9.99 a pound . 
hewlett-packard co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other . 
called task broker , the program acts something like an UNKNOWN among a group of computers UNKNOWN together . 
if a machine has a big computing task , task broker asks other computers in the network for `` bids '' on the job . 
it then UNKNOWN which machine is free to do the task most quickly and UNKNOWN the task to that machine . 
hewlett-packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast . 
the new hewlett-packard program , said analyst john UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN research inc. , a UNKNOWN research company , `` is a key building block as people move to this new model of distributed processing . '' 
in today 's computer networks , some machines often sit idle while others are UNKNOWN . 
with the hewlett-packard program , he said , `` you get more bang for the buck you 've spent on computers . '' 
the program , which will be shipped in january 9999 , runs on the UNKNOWN operating system . 
hewlett-packard will charge $ 9,999 for a license covering 99 users . 
the program now works on all hewlett-packard and UNKNOWN workstations and on computers made by UNKNOWN computer inc. of UNKNOWN , conn . 
hewlett-packard said it will sell versions later next year that run on sun microsystems inc. and digital equipment corp. machines . 
the task broker UNKNOWN from other programs that spread computing tasks around a network . 
a previously available program called network computing system , developed by hewlett-packard 's UNKNOWN division , for instance , takes a task and UNKNOWN it up into parts , UNKNOWN up those parts to several computers in a network for UNKNOWN processing . 
but programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system . 
applications wo n't have to be UNKNOWN to work with task broker , hewlett-packard said , and the user of a computer wo n't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work . 
the task broker `` turns that network into -- as far as the user is concerned -- one giant computer , '' said bill UNKNOWN , general manager of hewlett-packard 's workstation group . 
price wars between the fast-food giants are starting to UNKNOWN the fast-food little guys : the franchisees . 
`` when UNKNOWN start fighting , UNKNOWN get killed , '' says murray UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of national restaurants , a new york franchisee for pizza UNKNOWN , roy UNKNOWN and other chains . 
as UNKNOWN and pizza outlets UNKNOWN one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , UNKNOWN prices and stepping up costly promotions . 
the fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the UNKNOWN ones out of business and UNKNOWN relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees . 
the chains `` used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 99-month thing , '' says donald UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN group inc. , a new york franchisee of grand metropolitan plc 's UNKNOWN king chain . 
though UNKNOWN 's sales are up slightly this year , mr. UNKNOWN says profits will be flat or lower . 
and bill UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , ariz. , UNKNOWN of mcdonald 's corp. who is chairman of the company 's national operators advisory board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' 
until recently , the huge fast-food industry , with sales of about $ 99.9 billion last year , kept UNKNOWN to a minimum . 
but early this year , pepsico inc. 's UNKNOWN bell unit and UNKNOWN 's international inc. slashed prices and stepped up promotions , says john UNKNOWN , an analyst for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co . 
that brought a chain reaction in the industry . 
the situation was further UNKNOWN early this month , when mcdonald 's set plans to heat up the discounting by offering coupons . 
it also decided to go national with pizza , which it has been UNKNOWN . 
now , UNKNOWN deals on pizza are common ; so are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN normally priced twice as high . 
the discounting , say fast-food operators , occurs on a scale and with a UNKNOWN they have n't seen before . 
the result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , UNKNOWN off middle managers and working harder to make less . 
joe UNKNOWN , a district manager for UNKNOWN enterprises inc. , a UNKNOWN king operator in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , says discounting is so UNKNOWN that `` we have to serve 99 % to 99 % more customers '' to keep sales level . 
`` it 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , '' he says . 
alan UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN 's inc. , an operator of UNKNOWN 's restaurants in UNKNOWN , says : `` all we 're doing is keeping the customers coming , but we are n't increasing sales . '' 
with fast-food outlets on every corner , he , like many , does n't think he has a choice in the price war : `` our customers say that they wo n't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon . '' 
if the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts vincent UNKNOWN , who owns a string of kentucky fried chicken stores in the midwest . 
`` the industry is UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
`` fast-food franchisers have managed to squeeze in stores into every corner available . '' 
the national restaurant association says UNKNOWN restaurant units in the u.s. rose 99 % to 999,999 between 9999 and 9999 , the last year for which figures are available . 
with the market so crowded , says a spokesman for UNKNOWN 's in columbus , ohio , `` if you 're doing well , you 're doing well at someone else 's expense . '' 
simply put , there is n't enough business for every store to grow . 
according to mr. UNKNOWN , inflation-adjusted , UNKNOWN sales at company-owned UNKNOWN 's units in the u.s. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 9999 , except for august . 
`` mcdonald 's has also been running negative all year , '' the analyst says . 
spokesmen for UNKNOWN 's and mcdonald 's criticized mr. UNKNOWN 's calculations . 
jack greenberg , executive vice president and chief financial officer of mcdonald 's , says the company does n't UNKNOWN , much less disclose , inflation-adjusted , UNKNOWN sales . 
he adds that short-term comparisons `` can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year . '' 
profit margins at company-owned mcdonald 's outlets in the u.s. `` are holding up quite UNKNOWN , '' says mr. greenberg . 
profits of franchisees have n't been higher since the mid-9999s , he adds . 
but mr. greenberg 's UNKNOWN outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers . 
smaller chains and UNKNOWN operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict . 
big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN king operator in new york . 
the prolonged price pressures are driving a UNKNOWN between some franchisers and their franchisees . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the kentucky fried chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the UNKNOWN , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers . 
franchisees ca n't be forced to go along with a UNKNOWN 's discounting . 
but once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the UNKNOWN can demand full participation to the very end , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a principal of UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a chicago law firm with franchise industry clients . 
he says courts have held that antitrust considerations are UNKNOWN in such cases by the need to protect consumers from deceptive marketing . 
in any case , many franchisees , in order to stay on good terms with franchisers , routinely go along with promotions . 
says mr. UNKNOWN of national restaurants : `` if you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise . 
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 99-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 99 days . 
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 999-day estimate . 
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 99-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 99 days . 
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 999-day estimate . 
UNKNOWN co. said it completed a $ 99.9 million sale of assets from its los angeles area real estate portfolio for net income of $ 99 million . 
UNKNOWN said the sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing UNKNOWN , concrete , rock and sand . 
and you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an irs audit . 
UNKNOWN jackson , the retired baseball star , has found another use for them . 
mr. jackson , who won the UNKNOWN `` mr. october '' for his world series UNKNOWN , is selling some of his canceled checks to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through a dealer for as much as $ 999 each . 
dealers say the UNKNOWN trade in mr. jackson 's canceled checks is unusual . 
`` i do n't know of any living UNKNOWN that 's ever done it , '' says jack UNKNOWN , a dealer in UNKNOWN , iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball UNKNOWN . 
an initial batch of mr. jackson 's checks was on sale at a UNKNOWN show held in san francisco over labor day weekend . 
mr. jackson showed up at the affair to sign UNKNOWN for a fee as well . 
`` for someone who has everything else -- UNKNOWN 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says william UNKNOWN , owner of bill 's sports UNKNOWN in denver , who UNKNOWN the checks at the san francisco card show . 
for years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold . 
but these players were dead . 
`` maybe three years ago , there were a lot of { UNKNOWN } UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN back there were UNKNOWN ruth checks , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
however , the thought of a living player selling his checks UNKNOWN some people the wrong way . 
`` maybe i 'm a little UNKNOWN , but i would n't sell them , '' UNKNOWN bob UNKNOWN , owner of UNKNOWN 's sports cards in menlo park , calif . 
`` who knows how much they 'll be worth 999 years from now ? '' 
and mr. UNKNOWN does n't believe they 're worth all that much now . 
`` i do n't think the checks are worth $ 99 apiece , '' he says . 
why mr. jackson , who could n't be reached for comment , has made some of his checks available for sale is n't clear . 
he probably has n't done it for the cash . 
`` i would say he 's UNKNOWN not in need of money , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an agent of mr. jackson 's based in new york . 
`` he has good investments . '' 
and mr. jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too . 
or at least he should . 
`` i assume those accounts are closed , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , referring to the accounts of the canceled checks . 
`` i do n't think he 'd want to give out his current account numbers . 
usx corp. and its japanese partner , UNKNOWN steel ltd. , agreed to form a joint venture to build a new plant to produce hot-dipped galvanized sheet products , mainly for the automotive market . 
terms were n't disclosed for the plant , which will have annual capacity of 999,999 tons . 
the move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies . 
bethlehem steel corp. , UNKNOWN corp. and armco inc. all have plans to build additional lines for such UNKNOWN UNKNOWN steel . 
the surge in production , analysts say , raises questions about capacity UNKNOWN demand . 
they note that most of the new plants will come on line in 9999 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports . 
`` there 's too much capacity , '' contended charles bradford , an analyst with merrill lynch capital markets . 
`` i do n't think there 's anyone not building one . '' 
he does add , however , that UNKNOWN japanese car makers are boosting the levels of UNKNOWN steel in their autos , instead of relying heavily on imported steel . 
that trend could increase demand for hot-dipped galvanized sheet . 
the hot-dipped galvanized segment is one of the fastest-growing and most profitable segments of the steel market , UNKNOWN by all major integrated steelmakers UNKNOWN to maintain an edge over smaller UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN mills -- those UNKNOWN off to employees . 
indeed , usx said it expects the market for UNKNOWN sheet steel to reach 99 million tons annually by 9999 , compared with 99.9 million tons shipped in 9999 . 
for the first eight months of 9999 , analysts say shipments of hot-dipped galvanized steel increased about 9 % from a year earlier , while overall steel shipments were up only 9.9 % . 
usx and UNKNOWN steel hope to reach a definitive agreement establishing the 99-99 partnership by the end of the year , with construction tentatively slated for the spring of 9999 and production by 9999 . 
usx already has six lines in existing plants producing hot-dipped galvanized steel , but this marks the first so-called UNKNOWN plant for such production . 
moreover , it will boost by 99 % usx 's current hot-dipped capacity of 9,999,999 tons . 
the company said it does n't expect the new line 's capacity to UNKNOWN affect the company 's existing hot-dipped UNKNOWN lines . 
steelmakers have also been adding capacity of so-called UNKNOWN steel , which is another way to make UNKNOWN UNKNOWN steel . 
one of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN more quickly . 
once you make up your mind about an investment , the rest is easy , right ? 
you just call your broker and say `` buy '' or `` sell . '' 
dream on . 
there are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing . 
so here 's a UNKNOWN of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
two things to keep in mind : not all exchanges accept every type of order . 
and even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer . 
market order : this is probably the most widely used order -- and the one most open to abuse by unscrupulous floor brokers , since it imposes no price restrictions . 
with a market order , an investor tells a broker to buy or sell `` at the market . '' 
it 's like saying , `` get me in now '' or `` get me out now . '' 
for example , if wheat is being offered at $ 9.999 and bid at $ 9.999 , a market order to buy would be filled at the higher price and a market order to sell at the lower price . 
a recent indictment alleges that some floor brokers at the two largest chicago commodity exchanges used market orders to fill customers ' orders at unfavorable prices by UNKNOWN trades with fellow brokers . 
profits realized from these trades would then be shared by the UNKNOWN brokers . 
limit order : limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment . 
investors do this by UNKNOWN a minimum price at which the investment may be sold or the maximum price that may be paid for it . 
UNKNOWN an investor wants to sell a stock , but not for less than $ 99 . 
a limit order to sell could be entered at that price . 
one risk : investors may regret the UNKNOWN if the stock reaches 99 and then falls . 
unless the market goes at least one UNKNOWN ( the UNKNOWN price UNKNOWN permitted ) beyond the limit price , investors are n't assured of having their orders filled because there may not be sufficient trading volume to permit filling it at the specified price . 
stop order : stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level . 
once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get . 
stop orders are sometimes called `` stop-loss '' orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses . 
while stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : sell UNKNOWN must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy UNKNOWN above . 
in contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
the crash in october 9999 and last friday 's sell-off UNKNOWN taught some investors exactly what stop orders will and wo n't do . 
an investor who may have placed a stop-loss order at $ 99 under a stock that was trading at $ 999 a share on the friday before the crash was stunned to discover that the order was filled at $ 99 when the stock opened at that price on monday . 
UNKNOWN order : UNKNOWN orders turn into limit orders when an investment trades at the price specified in the order . 
unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- UNKNOWN orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
if it ca n't be made at that price , it does n't get filled . 
investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a UNKNOWN price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled . 
but if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price . 
UNKNOWN order : UNKNOWN orders are like stop orders in that they become market orders if a specified price is reached . 
however , unlike a UNKNOWN order , a buy UNKNOWN order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell UNKNOWN order is entered at a price above it . 
as soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price . 
UNKNOWN order : the UNKNOWN order is one of several associated with the timing of trades . 
it UNKNOWN a broker to buy or sell an investment at the specified price or better . 
but if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed u.s. trading championship , says he uses UNKNOWN orders almost UNKNOWN when trading options . 
`` i like to use them to feel out the market , '' he says . 
`` if they do n't fill it immediately , then i can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . '' 
UNKNOWN order : this is another timing order . 
it is a market order that allows floor brokers to take more time to buy or sell an investment , if they think they can get a better price by waiting . 
UNKNOWN orders , which are also known as `` UNKNOWN the tape '' orders , are always done at the customer 's risk . 
UNKNOWN order : this is really two orders in one , generally for the same security or commodity , UNKNOWN floor brokers to fill UNKNOWN order they can first and then UNKNOWN the other order . 
in a UNKNOWN market , it UNKNOWN an investor from getting stuck with having made two trades on the same security . 
UNKNOWN order : this type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time . 
`` on the close '' can be added to many types of orders . 
for example , `` UNKNOWN orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange . 
`` UNKNOWN orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
`` day orders '' expire at the end of the day on which they are entered , `` UNKNOWN orders '' have no expiration date . 
most brokers assume that all orders are day orders unless specified otherwise . 
on oct. 99 , 9999 , some investors learned the consequences of entering `` UNKNOWN limit orders '' and then UNKNOWN about them . 
they found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to UNKNOWN . 
it is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed . 
investors who change their mind about buying or selling after an order has been filled are , usually , stuck with the consequences . 
mr. UNKNOWN writes on the options and commodities markets for the wall street journal . 
in UNKNOWN up the risks of stock-market investments , there 's probably no starting place better than `` beta . '' 
but investors better not ignore its UNKNOWN , either . 
beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund . 
for any given move in the overall market , it suggests how UNKNOWN that particular issue might rise or fall . 
beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret . 
the beta of the broad market , typically defined as the standard & poor 's 999-stock index , is always 9.9 . 
so a stock with a beta of 9.9 is half as volatile , one at 9.9 is 99 % more volatile , and so on . 
cautious investors should generally go with stocks that have low UNKNOWN . 
go with UNKNOWN stocks to get the biggest UNKNOWN from a bet on a bull market . 
remember , though , that beta also has important UNKNOWN . 
`` beta is only part of the risk in a stock , '' says william f. UNKNOWN , the stanford university UNKNOWN professor who developed the measure . 
`` there is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that . '' 
in particular , beta does n't measure the company - and UNKNOWN risk associated with an individual stock . 
that `` business '' risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and UNKNOWN portfolio . 
beta is also a poor indicator of the risk in stock groups that march to their own UNKNOWN . 
in particular , the prices of gold and other UNKNOWN stocks shoot up and down , but the stocks tend to have low UNKNOWN because their moves are not UNKNOWN . 
concern that investors could UNKNOWN such UNKNOWN led the american association of individual investors to eliminate beta figures for UNKNOWN funds in the 9999 edition of its mutual-fund guide . 
`` our fear was people would look just at the beta { of a gold fund } and say here is an investment with very low risk , '' says john UNKNOWN , director of research for the chicago-based group . 
`` in reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
ready to review the UNKNOWN of your investment portfolio ? 
first , a pop UNKNOWN . 
when you think of the words `` risk '' and `` investment , '' what 's the specific UNKNOWN that comes to mind ? 
pencils down . 
if you 're like most people , you said it 's a holding that goes completely sour -- maybe a bond that defaults or a stock whose value disappears in a bankruptcy proceeding . 
`` people tend to see risk primarily on that one UNKNOWN , '' says timothy UNKNOWN , national director of personal financial planning for accountants deloitte , haskins & sells . 
but UNKNOWN lies another aspect of investment risk : the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being UNKNOWN by others . 
this is clearly not good news to all you people who UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN every night , UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN of your money sitting UNKNOWN in six-month cds . 
risk wears many UNKNOWN , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be UNKNOWN high in other , less obvious kinds . 
u.s. treasury bonds , for example , are UNKNOWN when it comes to returning money at maturity . 
but their value as investments can be UNKNOWN by inflation , which UNKNOWN the purchasing power of bonds ' UNKNOWN interest payments . 
risk is also a function of time . 
when financial professionals measure risk UNKNOWN , they usually focus on the volatility of short-term returns . 
stocks are much UNKNOWN than treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider . 
that is usually measured by the standard deviation , or UNKNOWN , of annual results from the average return over time . 
but investors who are UNKNOWN with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and UNKNOWN goals . 
for instance , some investors have UNKNOWN off stocks since the 9999 market crash ; last friday 's debacle only UNKNOWN those feelings . 
but the stock market , despite some UNKNOWN declines , has far UNKNOWN other securities over extended periods . 
by UNKNOWN to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement . 
`` that 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says steven b. UNKNOWN , a new york financial planner with seidman financial services . 
as a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the UNKNOWN of clients ' portfolios . 
they estimate the return a person 's current portfolio is likely to generate over time , along with a standard deviation that suggests how much the return will vary year by year . 
they try to figure out the long-term results the person needs to meet major goals . 
and they UNKNOWN types of risk that are not easily UNKNOWN . 
the portfolios of two UNKNOWN families , one a couple at retirement age and another a UNKNOWN couple at age 99 , UNKNOWN several types of risk that investors need to consider . 
for instance , the insured municipal bonds that UNKNOWN the older couple 's portfolio were probably selected in large part for their low UNKNOWN risk . 
but they UNKNOWN the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk . 
the younger couple 's UNKNOWN involve more risk than a diversified stock portfolio because the bulk of the money is in a single issue . 
note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 99.9 % vs. 9.9 % , as calculated by seidman financial services , which is the UNKNOWN affiliate of UNKNOWN seidman . 
that largely reflects the heavy UNKNOWN . 
but one price paid for the higher expected return is greater short-term volatility , as reflected in the higher standard deviation that seidman estimates for the younger couple 's portfolio . 
( here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it . 
then take the expected return and UNKNOWN one standard deviation . 
in two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate . 
then add and UNKNOWN two standard UNKNOWN to get a wider range . 
there 's a 99 % probability any year 's result will fall in the range . ) 
of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are UNKNOWN in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals . 
indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be UNKNOWN in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
`` they may feel UNKNOWN secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says john h. UNKNOWN , a financial planner with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. in washington . 
`` but they may pay a price 99 or 99 years in the future . '' 
ms. UNKNOWN reports on personal finance from the wall street journal 's new york bureau . 
when it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and UNKNOWN that will occur along the way . 
looking to the past can provide some UNKNOWN . 
over several decades , for instance , investors who put up with the stock market 's gyrations earned returns far in excess of those on bonds and `` cash '' investments like treasury bills . 
but while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself . 
for instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market . 
and returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past . 
portfolio a : retired couple , age 99 ; $ 999,999 portfolio . 
portfolio b : UNKNOWN couple , age 99 ; $ 999,999 portfolio . 
a letter from senator john UNKNOWN UNKNOWN us today for UNKNOWN that he had `` UNKNOWN '' on manuel noriega . 
he UNKNOWN says he has been down on noriega for some time , hence his criticism of administration UNKNOWN of the attempted coup . 
our october 99 editorial should have been more precise . 
it meant to UNKNOWN our hope that the senator and other members of the congressional left are UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN of noriega to include other notorious central american drug UNKNOWN . 
the sandinistas of nicaragua , for example , also are part of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in his letter and on the basis of his losing vote tuesday against u.s. aid for the UNKNOWN opposition , senator UNKNOWN makes clear he has not made that intellectual leap . 
we were wrong . 
throughout the 9999s , investors have been looking for creative alternatives to traditional UNKNOWN of financial planning . 
capital has been UNKNOWN , and people want in . 
too often , however , small investors are left with the same UNKNOWN solutions that appealed to previous generations of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without UNKNOWN risk , without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit ! 
this is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are UNKNOWN of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life UNKNOWN hurt in any way . 
you know who you are . 
my revolutionary system is also useful for those who have tried UNKNOWN forms of growing their currency UNKNOWN . 
like all americans seeking chronic prosperity , i do find it necessary to plunge certain funds into conservative monetary tools , if only to UNKNOWN my UNKNOWN , who believes in such things . 
so throughout the decade i have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and cds , and UNKNOWN with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as UNKNOWN my necessary position in the residential real-estate market . 
return on this fine portfolio has been modest when it has not been negative . 
figure 9 UNKNOWN the performance of those businesses i 've invested in during this UNKNOWN decade ( see accompanying illustration -- wsj oct. 99 , 9999 ) . 
UNKNOWN properties suffered a huge decline until i UNKNOWN myself of all such stocks in 9999 , at which point the industry , while not UNKNOWN up any christmas trees , began a slow recovery . 
likewise , mutual funds remained relatively flat until i made what was , for me , a serious investment . 
by 9999 , these properties were in a tailspin , causing my broker at UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN that she 'd `` never seen anything like it . '' 
concerned for her state of mind , i dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health . 
perhaps most dramatic was the performance of the metropolitan new york real-estate market , which was booming until i entered it in late 9999 , at which time it posted the first negative compound annual growth rate in years . 
UNKNOWN , i cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : i was doing it already ! 
we 've all got money to spend , some of it clearly disposable since we keep UNKNOWN of it . 
bank it ? 
not really ! 
UNKNOWN it away in long-term instruments ? 
UNKNOWN ! 
daily living is the best possible investment ! 
your priorities may be different , but here in figure 9 is where i 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive UNKNOWN ; children 's toys ; UNKNOWN equipment , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all . 
all have paid off for me in double-digit annual growth and continue to provide significant potential . 
at least , according to my calculations . 
personal space ( figure 9 ) has grown 99 % annually over the course of the decade , a performance that would compare UNKNOWN with an investment in , say , UNKNOWN products for the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN vehicles , which my UNKNOWN got into and sort of UNKNOWN to this day . 
the UNKNOWN of expensive children 's toys that i have purchased UNKNOWN at a host of UNKNOWN brokerage firms ( figure 9 ) has increased UNKNOWN in total asset value far beyond any personal investment except , perhaps , for my record collection , whose worth , i think it 's safe to say , is UNKNOWN . 
continued investment in my 9999 UNKNOWN has been part of my strategy ( figure 9 ) , with present annual contributions now equaling more than 99 % of the car 's original value . 
according to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 99,999 on the open market ( figure 9 ) , where i plan to offer it shortly . 
expansion of my living space has produced an obvious need for maintenance and construction of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to its suburban UNKNOWN . 
i have thus committed sufficient personal UNKNOWN to ensure that my grounds and UNKNOWN will never be short of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
my initial stake in this UNKNOWN enterprise has grown tenfold , according to my conservative calculations . 
at the same time , my share in a wide variety of entertainment UNKNOWN has given perhaps the most dramatic UNKNOWN of the benefits of creative personal financial planning . 
over the course of the decade , for instance , my return on investment in the area of UNKNOWN alone ( figures UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN ) has been most impressive , showing UNKNOWN annual expansion with -- given the way my associates play -- no sign of UNKNOWN into the 9999s and beyond . 
with this personal strategy firmly in place , i look forward to years of fine UNKNOWN investments and increasing widespread leverage . 
my kids ' college education UNKNOWN as perhaps the greatest future opportunity for spending , although i 'll probably have to cash in their toy portfolio to take advantage of it . 
but with every step i take , i 'm building wealth . 
you can , too , if you , like me , refuse to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN . 
so go out there and eat that debt . 
you 're right there in the mainstream of american business , building value on the back of UNKNOWN expenditures . 
henry kravis , watch out ! 
mr. schwartz is a business executive and writer in new york . 
when james schwartz was just a UNKNOWN his father gave him a piece of career advice . 
`` he told me to choose an area where just by being UNKNOWN i could be great , '' recalls mr. schwartz , now 99 . 
he tried management consulting , traded in UNKNOWN for a while , and even managed professional UNKNOWN . 
now he has settled into a career that fits the bill -- financial planning . 
it should be noted that mr. schwartz , who operates out of UNKNOWN , colo. , is a UNKNOWN sort who likes to give his colleagues the UNKNOWN . 
but in this case the UNKNOWN has a very sharp point . 
though it 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent , the fact remains that , as one UNKNOWN puts it , `` anybody who can UNKNOWN a mirror '' can call himself a financial planner . 
planners now influence the investment of several hundred billion dollars , but in effect they operate in the dark . 
there is no effective regulation of planners , no accepted standard for admission into their ranks -- a dog got into one trade group -- no way to assess their performance , no way even to know how many of them there are ( estimates range from 99,999 to 999,999 ) . 
all anyone need do is UNKNOWN up a UNKNOWN and start planning . 
so it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal UNKNOWN seem to be UNKNOWN away or UNKNOWN stealing their clients ' money . 
UNKNOWN , state and federal authorities are trying to UNKNOWN ways to UNKNOWN and regulate planners . 
industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards , too ; they 're UNKNOWN of seeing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the business press as UNKNOWN than UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN than a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
but reform has n't taken hold yet . 
`` the industry is still pretty much in its wild west days , '' says scott UNKNOWN , director of investor education for the north american securities administrators association . 
an UNKNOWN limited survey by UNKNOWN , whose members are state UNKNOWN regulators , found that between 9999 and 9999 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 99,999 investors $ 999 million . 
the UNKNOWN ' gallery of planners involved includes some convicted UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or two , various businessmen who had planned their own previous ventures right into bankruptcy , and one man who UNKNOWN his wife 's UNKNOWN . 
what 's more , the losses they and the others caused `` are just what we are UNKNOWN over , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , adding that the majority of UNKNOWN probably go UNKNOWN . 
so do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of UNKNOWN planners . 
nobody can estimate the toll , but john gargan , a tampa , fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the international association of registered financial planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is `` UNKNOWN , '' far greater than that from UNKNOWN . 
his group , like others , wants minimum standards applied to all who call themselves financial planners . 
UNKNOWN all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all . 
for most investors `` the benefits just are n't worth the risks , '' says barbara roper , who follows UNKNOWN issues for the consumer UNKNOWN of america , a UNKNOWN organization based in washington . 
she concedes that such a position is `` unfair '' to the thousands of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN people UNKNOWN the trade , but as a consumer advocate she feels UNKNOWN to take it . 
she says her group used to give UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN planners -- check educational and experience credentials , UNKNOWN regulators and better business bureaus -- but found that even some people who took these steps `` were still getting UNKNOWN off . '' 
the bad news , however , has n't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning . 
the tax reform act of 9999 , which eliminated many tax shelters UNKNOWN by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from the business . 
but membership in the international association of financial planners ( iafp ) , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 9999 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well . 
an estimated 99 million americans are now using financial planners , and the pool of capital they influence is enormous . 
a survey of 99,999 of them conducted by the iafp in april showed that these UNKNOWN alone had controlled or UNKNOWN the investment of $ 999 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 99 months . 
the sheer number of planners makes the business extremely difficult , if not impossible , to regulate . 
even the minority of them who must register with the securities and exchange commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to UNKNOWN the agency 's capacity . 
the sec has only about 999 staffers assigned to keep UNKNOWN on investment advisers -- about the same as in 9999 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 99,999 over the past decade . 
currently , a registered investment adviser can expect an sec audit only once every 99 years . 
a lot of bad things can happen in 99 years . 
`` it does n't take a UNKNOWN scientist to figure out our problem , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , director of the sec 's division of investment management . 
so the sec has proposed to congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN organization UNKNOWN on the national association of securities dealers , which operates in the brokerage business . 
such an organization could , among other things , set minimum standards for UNKNOWN , ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules . 
the proposal has set off a UNKNOWN debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with . 
mr. schwartz , the UNKNOWN planner from UNKNOWN , colo. , says that allowing the business to police itself would be `` like putting UNKNOWN in charge of the blood bank . '' 
mr. gargan , the tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the sec to hire more staff . 
( mr. gargan 's views are not UNKNOWN with wild UNKNOWN over at the iafp , the major industry organization . 
when the iafp recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , mr. gargan 's group was UNKNOWN . 
that may be because mr. gargan , UNKNOWN at what he considered UNKNOWN on his membership standards made by the rival group , UNKNOWN his dog , UNKNOWN , as a member of the iafp . 
then he sent the UNKNOWN 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` UNKNOWN ` UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . ) 
the states have their own ideas about regulation and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , the organization of state securities regulators , is pushing for a model regulatory statute already adopted in eight states . 
it requires financial planners to register with states , pass UNKNOWN tests and reveal to customers any conflicts of interest . 
the most common conflict involves compensation . 
UNKNOWN estimates that nearly 99 % of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities , insurance and other financial products they recommend . 
the issue : is the planner putting his clients into the best investments , or the ones that UNKNOWN the biggest commissions ? 
in 9999 the new york attorney general 's office got an order from a state court in albany UNKNOWN down first meridian corp. , an albany UNKNOWN firm that had invested $ 99 million on behalf of nearly 9,999 investors . 
in its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently UNKNOWN UNKNOWN customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and florida UNKNOWN . 
those investments paid big commissions to first meridian , payments investors were never told about , the attorney general alleged . 
investors were further assured that only those with a UNKNOWN net worth would be accepted . 
in practice , the attorney general alleged in an affidavit , if an investor had access to cash `` the chances of being turned down by first meridian were about as UNKNOWN as being rejected by the UNKNOWN club . '' 
and , the attorney general added , first meridian 's president , roger v. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN himself as a `` financial expert '' when his UNKNOWN largely UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , work as a real-estate and insurance salesman , and a UNKNOWN as supervisor at a highway toll UNKNOWN . 
first meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general . 
harry UNKNOWN , mr. UNKNOWN 's attorney , says his client denies any wrongdoing and adds that the attorney general 's UNKNOWN about first meridian 's business practices are incorrect . 
as for mr. UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN , `` the UNKNOWN attorneys for the state of new york decided mr. UNKNOWN was n't UNKNOWN because he did n't have a harvard degree , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
civil suits against planners by clients seeking recovery of funds are increasingly common . 
two such actions , both filed earlier this year in georgia state court in atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name j. chandler peterson , an atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the iafp , as defendant . 
one suit , filed by more than three dozen investors , charges that mr. peterson UNKNOWN much of the $ 9.9 million put into a limited partnership that he operated and UNKNOWN , spending some of it to pay his own legal bills and to invest in other companies in which he had an interest . 
those companies , in turn , paid mr. peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges . 
the other suit was filed by two men in a dispute over $ 999,999 investments each says he made with mr. peterson as part of an effort to purchase the bank of UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , ariz . 
one UNKNOWN , a doctor , UNKNOWN in an affidavit that he also gave mr. peterson $ 99,999 to join a sort of investment club which essentially gave the UNKNOWN `` the privilege of making additional investments '' with mr. peterson . 
in UNKNOWN , each UNKNOWN claims mr. peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 9999 or the money returned . 
mr. peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
wearing a business suit and UNKNOWN hat and UNKNOWN , he opened up his UNKNOWN and dumped $ 9 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the bank 's president . 
`` he said he wanted to show the color of his money , '' recalls mr. UNKNOWN . 
bank officials , however , showed him the door , and the sale never came off . 
according to the suit , mr. peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs ' investment . 
they want it back . 
mr. peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court . 
but he does say that all of his activities have been `` entirely proper . '' 
on the suit by the limited partners , he says he is considering a UNKNOWN suit against the plaintiffs . 
the suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a UNKNOWN by a handful of disgruntled people . '' 
UNKNOWN the suit over the bank bid , mr. peterson says it is filled with `` UNKNOWN language and half UNKNOWN . '' 
he declines to go into specifics . 
mr. peterson says the suits against him are less a measure of his work than they are a `` sign of the times '' in which people generally are more UNKNOWN to sue . 
`` i do n't know anybody in the industry who has n't experienced litigation , '' he says . 
mr. peterson also says he does n't consider himself a financial planner anymore . 
he now calls himself an `` investment banker . '' 
in many scams or alleged scams involving planners , it 's plain that only a UNKNOWN of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm 's way . 
using it , would n't a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to pay UNKNOWN of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest UNKNOWN planner ? 
other cases go to show that an old saw still UNKNOWN : if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
certificates of deposit do n't pay 99 % a year , for example , but that did n't give UNKNOWN to clients of one UNKNOWN planner . 
now they 're losers and he 's in jail in mobile county . 
cds yielding 99 % are even more UNKNOWN -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the marshall islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local UNKNOWN operator -- but investors fell for that one too . 
and the colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients UNKNOWN on investments of as UNKNOWN as $ 999 ? 
never mind . 
you already know the answer . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a staff reporter in the wall street journal 's los angeles bureau . 
at the UNKNOWN fashion island shopping center , the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of this wealthy southern california beach community UNKNOWN from their UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN for another day of UNKNOWN their credit cards . 
they root among the designer offerings at UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
they UNKNOWN through the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN court . 
they UNKNOWN at the farmers market , a combination UNKNOWN food court and grocery store , while a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the noon fashion show with a selection of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` the beautiful look of UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN the show 's UNKNOWN , `` slightly UNKNOWN in its influence ... . '' 
meanwhile , in the UNKNOWN office buildings that ring fashion island , the odds are good that someone is getting UNKNOWN . 
law-enforcement authorities say that at any given time , a host of fraudulent UNKNOWN operations UNKNOWN with the many legitimate businesses here . 
`` they seem to like these industrial UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a postal UNKNOWN who specializes in mail fraud . 
`` we call them fraud farms . '' 
welcome to that UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN known as newport beach . 
this city of more than 99,999 is known for UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and rich residents . 
it is also known as the fraud capital of the u.s. , dubbed by investigators and the media as the `` UNKNOWN de fraud '' . 
how does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for UNKNOWN ? 
clearly , the existence of the former UNKNOWN the latter . 
the places UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , like the miami neighborhood known as the `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' and las vegas 's UNKNOWN strip of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN offer fast cars , high UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN women and lots of UNKNOWN . 
you do n't hear much about unusual UNKNOWN of fraud in green bay or UNKNOWN . 
con men hate snow . 
newport beach fits the scam artists ' UNKNOWN perfectly . 
what more could a con man in search of the easy life ask for ? 
nothing seems hard here . 
the UNKNOWN are soft , the waves UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the palm trees UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN . 
moreover , UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN . 
the median price of homes is $ 999,999 ; more than 9,999 vessels fill what the chamber of commerce calls the nation 's largest UNKNOWN harbor . 
`` UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` that 's what they 're after . '' 
the rich image of newport beach also helps lend the con artists ' operation an air of UNKNOWN . 
`` one reason they use newport beach is that it sounds UNKNOWN than most UNKNOWN , '' says david katz , a u.s. attorney who , until recently , headed a UNKNOWN southern california fraud task force . 
`` newport beach is known in UNKNOWN island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
no wonder all kinds of UNKNOWN scams have UNKNOWN here , from phony UNKNOWN UNKNOWN sales to UNKNOWN car dealers to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN traders . 
but above all , this is the national headquarters for UNKNOWN operators , those UNKNOWN UNKNOWN salesmen who use the telephone to UNKNOWN money from the UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN and then UNKNOWN . 
because only a fraction of them are ever UNKNOWN , nobody really knows how much money UNKNOWN UNKNOWN operators really harvest . 
`` i 've heard that there is $ 99 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` if that 's true , orange county has to be at least 99 % of that . '' 
and most of the truly big scams in orange county seem to UNKNOWN in newport beach or one of the other UNKNOWN communities that UNKNOWN this UNKNOWN city that UNKNOWN around a point of land on the california coast south of los angeles . 
in fact , sophisticated UNKNOWN UNKNOWN scams are known UNKNOWN among law-enforcement types as `` newport beach '' operations . 
that UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN sales of things such as UNKNOWN sets and office supplies that are known as `` hollywood '' scams . 
newport beach UNKNOWN concentrate on precious metals and UNKNOWN deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot . 
the investors range from elderly UNKNOWN to affluent professionals . 
in one UNKNOWN recent example of a newport beach boiler room , prospective investors in capital trust inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses `` caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or UNKNOWN , '' according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in los angeles last month . 
thus UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , investors sent $ 99.9 million to the newport beach company , most of which was diverted to unauthorized uses , the indictment charges . 
douglas jones , an attorney representing richard o. kelly sr. , the chairman and president of capital trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors . 
`` there were some business deals that went bad , '' mr. jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . '' 
newport beach operations differ from the hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars . 
traditionally , boiler rooms operate on the cheap , since few , if any , customers ever visit their offices . 
indeed , the name UNKNOWN from the tendency among UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to rent cheap UNKNOWN space , near the boiler room . 
but , says mr. katz , the u.s. attorney , `` the interesting thing about newport beach operations is that they give themselves the UNKNOWN of beautiful offices , with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
when we go there , it 's quite different from these hollywood places where the UNKNOWN are spread out on the table and the people are picking their UNKNOWN . '' 
the newport beach operators also tend to UNKNOWN themselves privately . 
investigators UNKNOWN the case of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who is currently serving a UNKNOWN sentence at UNKNOWN federal prison for his role in UNKNOWN investment corp. , which promised investors returns of as much as 999 % on precious metals . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud in federal court in los angeles , drove a UNKNOWN mercedes and lived in an expensive home on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an island in newport 's harbor , according to investigators . 
with the $ 9 million received from investors , he took frequent UNKNOWN with friends to exotic UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN an expensive UNKNOWN for his UNKNOWN , whom he met at the shop where he got his UNKNOWN suits . 
`` it 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in las vegas , '' mr. katz says . 
all this talk of boiler rooms and fraud is UNKNOWN to the city 's legitimate business element . 
vincent UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , regional manager of property management systems , insists he does n't know of any UNKNOWN UNKNOWN operating in the 9.9 million square feet of office space around fashion island that his company leases for UNKNOWN co. , the owner and developer of the project . 
mr. UNKNOWN has rejected a few prospective tenants who provided `` incomplete '' financial information and acknowledges that UNKNOWN operators `` are not easily UNKNOWN . 
'' ( investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . ) 
richard UNKNOWN , president of the newport harbor area chamber of commerce , calls boiler rooms a `` negative we wish we could get rid of . '' 
actually , `` we do n't get much negative publicity about this , '' he insists , `` except for the press who write about it . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is deputy chief of the wall street journal 's dallas bureau . 
you went to college and thought you got an education . 
now you discover that you never learned the most important lesson : how to send your kids to college . 
true , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
stick some money in an UNKNOWN account and watch it grow . 
now , investment salesmen say it 's time to take some risks if you want the kind of returns that will buy your UNKNOWN a ticket to prestige UNKNOWN in 99 years . 
in short , throw away the UNKNOWN and go for the glory . 
the reason is cost . 
nothing in the UNKNOWN of tuition UNKNOWN parents for the 9999s . 
UNKNOWN at private colleges rose 999 % in the 99 years ended in june of this year ; that 's twice the 99 % increase in consumer prices for the same period . 
a year at harvard now goes for $ 99,999 . 
by 9999 , when this year 's UNKNOWN hit UNKNOWN , a four-year UNKNOWN league UNKNOWN will cost $ 999,999 , give or take a few UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN time . 
stanford , UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN will cost no less . 
so what 's a parent to do ? 
some investment advisers are suggesting , in effect , a bet on a start-up investment pool -- maybe even on margin . 
others prefer UNKNOWN zero-coupon bonds . 
still others say , why not take a chance on a UNKNOWN growth fund ? 
`` you 're not going to make it in a 9 % bank account , '' says james UNKNOWN , director of mutual funds at t. rowe price . 
to get the necessary growth , adds murray UNKNOWN , a marketing official at the financial programs mutual-fund group , `` you need to go to the stock market . '' 
in other words , a little volatility never hurt . 
it never hurt anyone , that is , unless the growth funds do n't grow when you need them to . 
or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your UNKNOWN 's tuition . 
that 's the dilemma for today 's parent . 
although many experts are advising risk , no one has a good answer for you if the risk does n't pay off . 
help may be on the way . 
the antitrust division of the justice department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools . 
fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 9999s . 
and then there 's always state u . 
but parents ' UNKNOWN for a UNKNOWN education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy UNKNOWN and vintage wine . 
UNKNOWN aware of public concern , lawmakers and financial UNKNOWN are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes . 
their message , UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN , is that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore . 
forget about treasury bills or a money-market fund . 
the latest wave of marketing is UNKNOWN . 
several UNKNOWN -- including the financial programs , franklin , and t. rowe price mutual-fund groups and the edward d. jones brokerage house -- are advertising `` college planner '' tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside UNKNOWN . 
the calculations generally rely on an after-tax rate of return of 9 % annually -- a rate historically UNKNOWN by the individual in only one place , the stock market . 
most of the UNKNOWN are free , but UNKNOWN financial programs sells , for $ 99 , a version UNKNOWN to the age of the child and the college of choice . 
the figures are UNKNOWN . 
to build a UNKNOWN egg that would pay for stanford when a current UNKNOWN reaches college age , parents would need to set aside $ 999.99 a month -- for 99 years . 
they can cut this to $ 999.99 a month if the investing keeps up through college . 
and they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
UNKNOWN a cheaper college into the UNKNOWN still does n't generate an installment most people can live with . 
using a recent average UNKNOWN cost of about $ 99,999 a year , t. rowe price 's planner UNKNOWN $ 999 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
since the formula UNKNOWN an 9 % UNKNOWN return in a mutual fund , there would also be $ 99,999 in taxes to pay over the 99 years . 
not everyone is so UNKNOWN . 
`` people are basically UNKNOWN a lot of fear , '' says arthur UNKNOWN , a consultant to the american council on education in washington . 
he takes issue with projections that do n't factor in students ' own contribution , which reduces most parents ' burden substantially . 
still , he says , `` it 's no bad thing '' if all the marketing UNKNOWN people into putting aside a little more . 
`` the situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
`` that 's crazy . '' 
his advice : do n't panic . 
parents , he says , should aim at whatever regular investment sum they can afford . 
half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
that way , parents will reduce borrowings and outlays from current income when the time comes to pay tuition . 
mr. UNKNOWN reckons that the best investment choice is mutual funds because they are managed and over time have nearly kept up with the broad stock averages . 
he favors either an UNKNOWN fund or a balanced fund that UNKNOWN both stocks and bonds . 
in their anxiety , however , parents and other student UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN to new schemes . 
they have UNKNOWN out about $ 9 billion for so-called UNKNOWN zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by connecticut , illinois , virginia and eight other states . 
and they have bought about $ 999 million in UNKNOWN plans , offered in michigan , florida and UNKNOWN . 
the prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current UNKNOWN or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow . 
the UNKNOWN bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be UNKNOWN for college UNKNOWN . 
like other UNKNOWN , they pay all their interest at maturity , meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from high school . 
their UNKNOWN effect is also UNKNOWN . 
in june , virginia sold bonds for $ 999.99 that will pay $ 9,999 in 9999 . 
but richard anderson , head of the UNKNOWN for college financing alternatives , at columbia university , a research group partly financed by the federal government , says UNKNOWN are particularly UNKNOWN . 
their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up . 
that wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal . 
had UNKNOWN been available in 9999 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , UNKNOWN for their children 's 9999 UNKNOWN , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , mr. anderson figures . 
most other bonds , however , would probably not have fared much better . 
the prepaid plans may be a good bet , provided the guarantee of future tuition is secure . 
issuing states generally limit the guarantees to UNKNOWN institutions , however , and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children do n't UNKNOWN the specified schools . 
two private groups are seeking securities and exchange commission approval for plans that could be more broadly UNKNOWN . 
mr. anderson wants the prestige colleges to sponsor such a plan . 
the issue here may be the UNKNOWN of the guarantee . 
UNKNOWN , much like mutual-fund purchases , are UNKNOWN for investment . 
sponsors are naturally counting on their ability to keep ahead of tuition inflation with investment returns . 
but buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so . 
one problem is that the internal revenue service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable . 
the colleges , as educational institutions , had hoped that would n't be the case . 
based on historical rates of return , mr. anderson reckons a 999 % stock portfolio , UNKNOWN to the market , would have kept up with tuition and taxes in the 99th century . 
but sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market . 
and they 're leaning more toward fixed income , whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases . 
`` i 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says mr. anderson . 
what happens if the sponsors do n't have the cash to pay the UNKNOWN ? 
florida and UNKNOWN have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments , meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack . 
not so michigan . 
its plan is set up as an independent agency . 
the state says there 's no worry -- investment returns , combined with fees and the gains from unused plans , will provide all the cash it needs . 
mr. UNKNOWN covers education from the wall street journal 's boston bureau . 
if you start saving for your child 's UNKNOWN on jan. 9 , 9999 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at yale , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and university of minnesota . 
figures assume a 9 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 9 % annual investment return . 
note : these figures are only for UNKNOWN charges and do n't include books , transportation UNKNOWN . 
\* for UNKNOWN students 
source : painewebber inc . 
among the UNKNOWN farmers in the UNKNOWN delta land of UNKNOWN county , UNKNOWN , allen d. tharp of UNKNOWN was one of the best known and most UNKNOWN . 
he sold UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to stock other farmers ' UNKNOWN , and he bought back UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that he `` UNKNOWN '' to market along with his own UNKNOWN crop . 
and he nearly always bought and sold for cash . 
along the way , mr. tharp omitted a total of $ 9.9 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years . 
the returns landed in the hands of an internal revenue service criminal UNKNOWN , samuel james baker . 
mr. baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of UNKNOWN farmers , UNKNOWN and processors throughout the south before coming up with detailed estimates of purchases and sales , in pounds and dollars , by mr. tharp and others . 
unknown to mr. tharp , he had UNKNOWN his net on a special irs project to catch UNKNOWN farmers and UNKNOWN inclined to UNKNOWN on their taxes . 
UNKNOWN with the evidence , mr. tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 9,999 and sentenced to 99 months in prison . 
he also owes a lot of back taxes , interest and civil fraud penalties . 
a lot of taxpayers out there are n't as UNKNOWN as one might think . 
federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of UNKNOWN , high income , type of income , or some other UNKNOWN that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or UNKNOWN deductions . 
many UNKNOWN long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or UNKNOWN efforts of some members to offset high income with UNKNOWN losses from phony tax shelters : UNKNOWN who invested in UNKNOWN dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised UNKNOWN on their days off . 
UNKNOWN ministers have been UNKNOWN . 
now , television and radio UNKNOWN are under scrutiny . 
the irs recently won part of its UNKNOWN battle with the church of UNKNOWN over UNKNOWN when the u.s. supreme court held that members ' payments to the church were n't deductible because the members received services in return . 
irs statistics show that the more persistent UNKNOWN of income among sole UNKNOWN of businesses include UNKNOWN dealers , entertainment producers , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , and taxi owners . 
small businesses in general account for almost 99 % of UNKNOWN personal income , the irs has said . 
once such abuses become so pervasive , the irs builds another factor into its secret computer formula for UNKNOWN returns for audit and does n't need special projects for them . 
san UNKNOWN have a much higher UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN than average because more of them score high under that formula , not because irs agents UNKNOWN their life UNKNOWN . 
many UNKNOWN for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have UNKNOWN so broadly that congress has passed UNKNOWN laws to close them . 
deductions of charitable UNKNOWN of highly valued art now must be accompanied by UNKNOWN . 
and laws requiring the reporting of more UNKNOWN of transactions have enabled the irs to rely on computers to UNKNOWN out discrepancies with returns and to generate UNKNOWN inquiries to taxpayers . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN income can be spotted by computer because a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN ( who gets a deduction ) must report the former UNKNOWN 's social security number . 
UNKNOWN applicants now must give social security numbers , enabling the irs to see whether americans living abroad are filing required u.s. returns . 
but while irs computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention . 
in most cases , the irs says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and UNKNOWN because auditors in an area UNKNOWN some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a UNKNOWN of dependents UNKNOWN them from tax withholding or yacht owners UNKNOWN losses from sideline charter businesses . 
the national office currently has 99 UNKNOWN audit projects , according to marshall v. UNKNOWN , deputy assistant commissioner for examination . 
auditors involved in UNKNOWN projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life UNKNOWN in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 999 different civil penalties for UNKNOWN , failure to file a return , and the like . 
the targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , UNKNOWN and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes . 
other projects look for UNKNOWN among UNKNOWN who get cash UNKNOWN , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without UNKNOWN the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to UNKNOWN tax . 
and now that returns must show dependents ' social security numbers , the irs wants to see which dependents show up on more than one return -- and which dependents turn out to be UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN project came from a congressional hearing some years back . 
it prompted an irs study that found many sellers were UNKNOWN income and UNKNOWN large amounts of UNKNOWN travel and other personal expenses as business costs , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
the study provided criteria for UNKNOWN out returns of `` potentially UNKNOWN '' taxpayers who report low income and large expenses from a UNKNOWN business . 
the tax court recently denied business deductions by mr. and mrs. peter s. UNKNOWN of cherry hill , n.j. , who both were UNKNOWN distributors of UNKNOWN products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields . 
for 9999 , they reported gross income of $ 9,999 from UNKNOWN sales , offset by expenses totaling $ 99,999 -- including car costs of $ 9,999 and travel and entertainment costs of $ 9,999 . 
the tax court did n't believe that the UNKNOWN , who earned $ 99,999 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and UNKNOWN `` merely UNKNOWN elements of recreation and other personal UNKNOWN and benefits '' from it . 
the direct selling association , a trade group , points out that its members , which include UNKNOWN corp. , cooperate with the irs to distribute UNKNOWN material to sales people and are helping to prepare a UNKNOWN television program on the subject . 
the UNKNOWN project , which began in 9999 , involves about 999 irs agents . 
in the fiscal nine months ended june 99 , reports raymond p. UNKNOWN , assistant commissioner for collection , they UNKNOWN about 99,999 employers , assessed more than $ 99 million in UNKNOWN employment taxes , and UNKNOWN about 99,999 workers as employees instead of UNKNOWN contractors . 
the number of UNKNOWN workers may be in the millions , mostly paid by small firms . 
many workers , especially professionals , want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to UNKNOWN many expenses that employees ca n't . 
but many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become UNKNOWN for the irs , says jerry UNKNOWN , who manages the irs project 's force of nine agents in north and central florida from UNKNOWN . 
firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that are n't , he says . 
in his area , mr. UNKNOWN continues , the UNKNOWN employers most commonly are in construction -- doing UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and similar work . 
but a medical clinic with about 99 employees UNKNOWN listed all of them -- including UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN -- as independent contractors . 
the irs assessed the clinic $ 999,999 in back payroll taxes . 
it assessed nearly $ 999,999 against a UNKNOWN company that carried about 999 UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and other employees as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN states also are becoming more aggressive UNKNOWN of tax UNKNOWN , and perhaps none tracks them down with more UNKNOWN than does new york since it acquired an $ 99 million computer system in 9999 . 
the state 's tax enforcers have UNKNOWN data bases from other new york agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the irs , 99 other states , and two canadian provinces , and even from UNKNOWN yellow pages . 
thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer , they single out UNKNOWN groups , looking primarily for people who have n't filed new york income-tax returns . 
the state has UNKNOWN through records relating to architects , UNKNOWN , lawyers in the new york city area , construction workers from out of the state , and homeowners who claim to be residents of other states -- especially florida , which has no personal income tax . 
soon to feel the glare of attention are lawyers elsewhere in the state , doctors , UNKNOWN , and accountants , says frederick g. UNKNOWN , director of the UNKNOWN division that develops the UNKNOWN programs . 
the department has UNKNOWN over $ 9.9 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 99 of them for criminal prosecution . 
in the early stage of checking people with UNKNOWN exceeding $ 999,999 who were filing UNKNOWN returns , it squeezed $ 9.9 million out of a man who was UNKNOWN as a florida resident . 
`` we think we can UNKNOWN hundreds of millions of dollars just through the UNKNOWN project , '' mr. UNKNOWN declares . 
mr. UNKNOWN is editor of the wall street journal 's tax report column . 
in finding `` good news '' in berkeley 's new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plan ( `` the UNKNOWN class , '' editorial , sept. 99 ) , you 're reading the UNKNOWN but not the story . 
the plan indeed raises from 99 % to 99 % the number of UNKNOWN applicants admitted UNKNOWN by academic criteria . 
but that does n't mean `` half of the students attending berkeley '' will be admitted this way . 
the plan is talking about applicants admitted , not students who UNKNOWN . 
since the `` yield '' from this top UNKNOWN of applicants is relatively low , boosting admits from 99 % to 99 % will boost UNKNOWN from about 99 % to 99 % of the class . 
in addition , perhaps 9 % of UNKNOWN will come from a new category consisting of applicants whose academic credentials `` narrowly missed '' gaining them admission in the first category . 
but against that combined increase of 99 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan UNKNOWN a large category in which UNKNOWN now are based on UNKNOWN , test scores and `` UNKNOWN points '' for factors such as UNKNOWN curriculum , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and an UNKNOWN . 
this category now accounts for about 99 % of admits and 99 % of UNKNOWN . 
the plan thus will decrease by 99 % , for a net loss of 99 % , the number of students admitted primarily by academic criteria . 
who will take over these places ? 
the plan creates a new category of students from `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 99 % of the class . 
one of the plan 's authors has defended the `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' category as perhaps making more sense than the current UNKNOWN preferences based on race . 
perhaps it does . 
but the new category does not replace or reduce berkeley 's broad racial preferences . 
nor will students from UNKNOWN groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the UNKNOWN `` target '' for their group . 
the plan thus places a large new UNKNOWN program , based on `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' on top of the existing program based on race . 
the role of academic criteria in choosing berkeley 's UNKNOWN can only decline as a result . 
stephen r. UNKNOWN professor of law university of california berkeley , calif . 
for those who UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN of others , read on . 
this is a story about UNKNOWN . 
most of us know a UNKNOWN . 
many of us are UNKNOWN . 
but what we may not know is just what makes somebody a UNKNOWN . 
what makes people UNKNOWN out their credit-card numbers to a UNKNOWN they 've never heard of ? 
do they really believe that the number is just for UNKNOWN and is simply a UNKNOWN on the road to being a UNKNOWN winner ? 
what makes a person buy an oil well from some UNKNOWN knocking on the screen door ? 
or an interest in a retirement community in UNKNOWN that will UNKNOWN your UNKNOWN off , once it is built ? 
because in the end , these people always wind up asking themselves the same question : `` how could i be so stupid ? '' 
there are , unfortunately , plenty of answers to that question -- and scam artists know all of them . 
`` these people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person UNKNOWN , '' says kent neal , chief of the UNKNOWN unit of the UNKNOWN county state attorney 's office in fort UNKNOWN , fla. , a major haven for boiler rooms . 
`` once they size them up , then they know what UNKNOWN to push . '' 
john UNKNOWN agrees -- and he ought to know . 
he used to be a UNKNOWN salesman , UNKNOWN investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins . 
`` there 's a UNKNOWN psychology of the sale and different UNKNOWN you pitch different ways , '' he says . 
the most obvious pitch , of course , is the lure of big returns . 
`` we 're all a little UNKNOWN . 
everyone is vulnerable , '' says charles UNKNOWN , associate regional administrator for the securities and exchange commission in miami . 
`` these guys UNKNOWN on human UNKNOWN . '' 
while the promises of big profits ought to set off warning bells , they often do n't , in part because UNKNOWN UNKNOWN have become UNKNOWN in american UNKNOWN . 
`` the overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with UNKNOWN and ed UNKNOWN making UNKNOWN out of people , '' says michael UNKNOWN , an associate professor of psychology at the university of kentucky in louisville . 
`` other people are making it overnight , and the rest who UNKNOWN daily do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along . '' 
adds UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , branch chief for enforcement at the sec in fort worth , texas : `` why do people play the UNKNOWN when the odds are great against them ? 
people are UNKNOWN for a dream . '' 
clearly , though , scam artists have to be a bit more UNKNOWN than simply promising millions ; the psychology of UNKNOWN is n't simply the psychology of the UNKNOWN . 
there 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the UNKNOWN . 
so one popular UNKNOWN is to make a prospective investor feel like an insider , joining an exclusive group that is about to make a killing . 
between 9999 and 9999 , for instance , UNKNOWN oil in winter haven , fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors . 
the owner of the company , stephen smith , who has since pleaded guilty to state and federal fraud charges , UNKNOWN to investors that he had a secret agreement with amoco oil co. and said the location of his wells was confidential , according to a civil suit filed in a florida state court by the florida comptroller 's office . 
neither the amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged . 
such schemes , says tony UNKNOWN , chief of the UNKNOWN unit of the federal bureau of investigation in washington , d.c. , appeal to investors ' `` desire to believe this is really true and that they are part of a chosen group being given this opportunity . '' 
at times , salesmen may UNKNOWN the inside information with `` the notion that this is some slightly UNKNOWN , slightly illegal investment the person is being included in , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
in appealing to those with a bit of UNKNOWN in their UNKNOWN , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- UNKNOWN himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others . 
it also adds to the mystery of the venture . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN veteran , believes that for many investors , the UNKNOWN scams carry a UNKNOWN element of UNKNOWN . 
`` once people got into it , i was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says . 
he UNKNOWN them with UNKNOWN on the investment , such as `` funny things that happened at the well that week , '' he says . 
`` you gave them some UNKNOWN that they did n't have in their lives . '' 
( mr. UNKNOWN , who was convicted in florida state court of selling UNKNOWN securities and in california state court of UNKNOWN use of the telephone to defraud and UNKNOWN , is now on UNKNOWN . 
he says he has quit the business and is back in school , UNKNOWN in psychology with UNKNOWN to go into industrial psychology . ) 
for some investors , it 's the UNKNOWN that leave them UNKNOWN . 
`` the UNKNOWN of success go a long way -- wearing the right clothes , doing the right things , '' says paul UNKNOWN , an associate professor of psychology at harvard . 
conservative UNKNOWN make people think it 's a conservative investment . 
`` people UNKNOWN lose money on risky investments that they did n't realize were a UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
paul UNKNOWN , a phoenix , ariz. , attorney , says a promise of UNKNOWN returns would have made him UNKNOWN . 
but mr. UNKNOWN , who says he lost $ 99,999 in one UNKNOWN deal and $ 99,999 in another , says a salesman `` used a UNKNOWN approach '' with him , sending investment literature , a contract limiting the firm 's liability , and an insurance policy . 
when he visited the company 's office , he says , it had `` all the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . '' 
still others are UNKNOWN by a desire to do both well and good , says douglas watson , UNKNOWN officer of the los angeles police department 's UNKNOWN division . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are the most visible targets of unscrupulous UNKNOWN investment pitches . 
but hardly the only ones : the scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed UNKNOWN families and prevent the UNKNOWN of children . 
UNKNOWN say isolated people who do n't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud . 
scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims UNKNOWN themselves . 
for instance , salesmen may counter a man 's UNKNOWN that he wants to discuss an investment with his wife by asking , `` who wears the UNKNOWN in your family ? '' 
or an investor who wants his UNKNOWN 's advice may be told , `` you seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . '' 
often con artists will try to UNKNOWN their victims by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN between them . 
william UNKNOWN , a retired engineer from lockheed corp. , says he and his wife , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN to the investment pitches of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN co. in atlanta after the broker told them he , too , had once worked with lockheed . 
the UNKNOWN , of UNKNOWN springs , ga. , have filed suit in georgia state court against stuart james , UNKNOWN fraud . 
they are awaiting an UNKNOWN proceeding . 
they say the broker took them out for lunch frequently . 
he urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money . 
( donald UNKNOWN , an attorney for the UNKNOWN firm , denies the fraud allegations and says the UNKNOWN were fully UNKNOWN that they were pursuing a high-risk investment . ) 
`` it 's not UNKNOWN for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to UNKNOWN themselves to their clients , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief of the UNKNOWN section of the u.s. attorney 's office in los angeles . 
`` we 've seen cases where salesmen will affect the UNKNOWN of the region of the country they are calling . 
anything to make a sale . '' 
experts say that whatever a person 's particular weak point , timing is crucial . 
people may be particularly vulnerable to UNKNOWN pitches when they are in the midst of a major UNKNOWN in their lives . 
`` sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a licensed UNKNOWN who is now an investment adviser and principal in UNKNOWN inc. , a birmingham , mich. , UNKNOWN firm . 
`` they may be UNKNOWN to some song and UNKNOWN if it hits them at the right time . '' 
they are obviously also more UNKNOWN when they need money - UNKNOWN , for instance , trying to bolster their fixed income or parents UNKNOWN over how to pay for a child 's college expenses . 
`` these people are n't necessarily stupid or UNKNOWN . 
almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be UNKNOWN in some way , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a psychology professor at the university of southern california in los angeles . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN thinks that 's what happened to him . 
mr. UNKNOWN , a 99-year-old delta air lines engineer , invested some $ 9,999 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns . 
`` we were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` it was just before the christmas holidays , and i figured we could use some extra cash . '' 
the investment is worth about $ 999 today . 
`` maybe it was just a vulnerable time , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` maybe the next day or even an hour later , i would n't have done it . '' 
ms. UNKNOWN is a staff reporter in the wall street journal 's atlanta bureau . 
prices for seats on the new york stock exchange are recovering a bit after UNKNOWN a four-year low earlier this month . 
two seats on the big board were sold yesterday for $ 999,999 , and then $ 999,999 . 
the previous sale was $ 999,999 on oct. 99 ; the last time prices were that low was november 9999 , when a seat sold for $ 999,999 . 
prices peaked at $ 9,999,999 in september 9999 . 
seats are currently quoted at $ 999,999 bid and $ 999,999 asked . 
fox hunting has been defined as the UNKNOWN in pursuit of the UNKNOWN , but at least it 's exercise . 
at least it has a little UNKNOWN . 
most of us have to spend our time on UNKNOWN that afford neither , UNKNOWN duties rather than UNKNOWN . 
like trying to buy life insurance , for instance , an UNKNOWN notably lacking in UNKNOWN . 
call it the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN after the UNKNOWN . 
but sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having UNKNOWN work . 
and my time has come . 
i 'm 99 , married , no children , and employed in writing stories like this one . 
in times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN family and UNKNOWN to it . 
so if anything happened to me , i 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 99-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , i admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the UNKNOWN of luxury ) . 
figuring that maybe $ 999,999 to $ 999,999 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy i wanted , i looked at the UNKNOWN products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
over the past decade or two , while i was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an UNKNOWN number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations . 
besides term life and whole life ( the old UNKNOWN ) , we now have universal life , universal UNKNOWN life , flexible adjustable universal life , policies with UNKNOWN bonuses , policies UNKNOWN with exotic UNKNOWN , living benefit policies , and on and on . 
what to do ? 
first , UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN of all their UNKNOWN , special provisions , and other bells and UNKNOWN , insurance policies can still be UNKNOWN under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which UNKNOWN no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive . 
if all you want is UNKNOWN coverage , pure insurance -- a term policy -- gives you maximum bang for your buck , within limits . 
it 's much cheaper than permanent insurance bought at the same age . 
but `` term '' means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires . 
it may also UNKNOWN that the insured must pass another medical UNKNOWN before renewal ; if you UNKNOWN -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it . 
even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older . 
so term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
there are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on to permanent insurance , and many others . 
one UNKNOWN that appealed to me at first was the `` money smart term life '' policy offered by amex life insurance co. , the american express unit , to the parent company 's credit-card holders . 
upon examination , however , i UNKNOWN whether the plan made a lot of sense . 
amex said it would charge me $ 999 a year for $ 999,999 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums i put in if i canceled the policy after 99 years . 
sounds great -- or does it ? 
first , if i canceled , i 'd have no more insurance , a not UNKNOWN consideration . 
second , the $ 9,999 i 'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 99 years of inflation ; amex , not i , would get the benefit of the investment income on my money , income that would have exceeded the inflation rate and thus given the company a real profit . 
third and most important , amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; i 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that i 'd almost have to UNKNOWN to make the whole thing UNKNOWN . 
that would be all right with amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a `` smart money '' move for me . 
which goes to show that the first law UNKNOWN in insurance as in anything else : there is no free lunch , there is only marketing . 
and the second law , unique to insurance ? 
if i die early , i win -- a UNKNOWN victory , since i ca n't enjoy it -- and if i live long , the insurer UNKNOWN . 
always . 
this is worth UNKNOWN when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that UNKNOWN cash value . 
the word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it UNKNOWN possible or UNKNOWN it in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead . 
the implication is that your UNKNOWN policy is really some kind of cd or mutual-fund account with an added feature . 
that is UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN . 
the fact is that as a savings or investment vehicle , insurance generally runs a poor second to any direct investment you might make in the same things the insurance company is putting your money into . 
that 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
again , no free lunch . 
this is reflected in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cost -- in effect , your share of the company 's estimated liability in paying off beneficiaries of people who had the UNKNOWN to die while under its protection . 
and in most cases , a huge UNKNOWN of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this . 
so view permanent insurance for what it is -- a compromise between pure insurance and direct investment . 
the UNKNOWN , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy . 
you pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company UNKNOWN that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years . 
one newer UNKNOWN , so called UNKNOWN life ( you pay for the whole policy at once ) , has been UNKNOWN popular in recent years for tax reasons ; the insured could UNKNOWN cash value in the form of policy `` loans , '' and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment . 
congress closed this UNKNOWN last year , or thought it did . 
however , UNKNOWN capital corp. of UNKNOWN , mass. , has developed a `` combination plan '' of UNKNOWN and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences . 
but the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small . 
i 'm not prepared in any case to put that much money into a policy immediately , so i look into the broad category called universal life . 
UNKNOWN popular , it is far more flexible than straight whole life . 
i can adjust the amount of insurance i want against the amount going into investment ; i can pay more or less than the so-called target premium in a given year ; and i can even UNKNOWN payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy . 
in looking at these and other policies , i learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy UNKNOWN '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years . 
they commonly give two UNKNOWN : one is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 9 % to 9.9 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 9.9 % or more . 
projecting the latter over several decades , i find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ? 
not likely , i think . 
also , some policy UNKNOWN assume that UNKNOWN costs will decline or that i will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 99th year . 
these are not certain , either . 
companies `` are n't comfortable playing these games , but they realize they 're under pressure to make their policies look good , '' says timothy UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN consultant at UNKNOWN , a unit of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. , the big new york consulting firm . 
another factor to consider : some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately . 
there are seemingly endless UNKNOWN to universal life , and it pays to ask questions about all of them . 
at a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her john UNKNOWN policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . '' 
i call her agent , david UNKNOWN . 
yes , he says , premiums on such UNKNOWN coverage can be structured to `` UNKNOWN '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection . 
if interest rates plunge , the insurer may be knocking on my door , asking for UNKNOWN premium payments to maintain the same amount of protection . 
i do n't like the sound of that . 
some insurers have also started offering `` UNKNOWN bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 99 years . 
but glenn daily , a new york-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are `` just UNKNOWN , '' because most are n't guaranteed by the companies . 
and the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments . 
so-called UNKNOWN provisions also merit a close UNKNOWN . 
offered by insurers that include UNKNOWN life insurance co. , jackson national life insurance co. , and national travelers life insurance co. , these policy UNKNOWN let me UNKNOWN a portion of my death benefits while i 'm still alive . 
some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long-term care such as UNKNOWN stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic UNKNOWN and conditions such as cancer , heart UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN failure and kidney transplants . 
but the catastrophic events for which the UNKNOWN can collect are narrowly defined , vary from policy to policy , and generally permit use of only a small fraction of the face amount of insurance . 
also , financial planners advising on insurance say that to their knowledge there has not yet been a tax ruling UNKNOWN these advance payments from taxes . 
and considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended UNKNOWN care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
i 'm more UNKNOWN impressed by `` UNKNOWN life , '' even though it turns out to be UNKNOWN life . 
UNKNOWN selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` UNKNOWN '' charges -- but i figure that the lack of commission and of `` UNKNOWN fees '' for dropping the policy early still UNKNOWN me a lot . 
i compared one universal policy for $ 999,999 face amount from such an insurer , american life insurance corp. of lincoln , UNKNOWN , with a similar offering from UNKNOWN life assurance society of the u.s. , which operates through 99,999 commissioned salesmen . 
after one year i could walk away from the UNKNOWN policy with $ 999 , but UNKNOWN get only $ 99 from the UNKNOWN . 
the difference is UNKNOWN by time , too . 
at age 99 , when i 'd stop paying premiums , the UNKNOWN offering would have a projected cash value $ 99,999 higher than the other , even though the UNKNOWN 's policy illustration assumed a UNKNOWN higher interest rate . 
did i buy it ? 
well , not yet . 
i 'm thinking about using the $ 999 annual premium to finance a trip to paris first . 
a person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it . 
rorer group inc. will report that third-quarter profit rose more than 99 % from a year earlier , though the gain is UNKNOWN due to asset sales , robert cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said . 
his projection indicates profit in the latest quarter of more than $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
mr. cawthorn said in an interview that sales will show an increase from a year ago of `` somewhat less than 99 % . '' 
through the first six months of 9999 , sales had grown about 99 % from the year-earlier period . 
growth of 99 % would make sales for the latest quarter $ 999 million , compared with $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
mr. cawthorn said the profit growth in the latest quarter was due to the sale of two rorer drugs . 
UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN , was sold to UNKNOWN plc , london . 
UNKNOWN , a drug used to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was sold to jones medical industries inc. , st. louis . 
he said rorer sold the drugs for `` nice prices '' and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 99 million . 
as the gain from the sales indicates , operating profit was `` significantly '' below the year-earlier level , mr. cawthorn said . 
rorer in july had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 9999 . 
he said the company is still looking for `` a strong fourth quarter in all areas -- sales , operating income and net income . '' 
mr. cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of rorer products in the second quarter because of a UNKNOWN july 9 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for rorer 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whose sales and market share in the u.s. had slipped in the first half of 9999 . 
he said rorer UNKNOWN to sell UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN to raise revenue that would `` kick start '' its increased marketing efforts behind UNKNOWN , still its UNKNOWN product with about $ 999 million in world-wide sales in 9999 . 
`` we had UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for a year , '' he said , because the company was UNKNOWN on research and development and promoting other drugs . 
he said rorer will spend $ 99 million to $ 99 million more on UNKNOWN advertising and promotion in the second half of 9999 than in the year-earlier period . 
a `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said . 
UNKNOWN ag said it will stop producing fertilizer in 9999 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook . 
the west german chemical concern said it will close the last remaining fertilizer plant in UNKNOWN in the fall of next year . 
UNKNOWN said the fertilizer market faces UNKNOWN in western europe , rising imports from east bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand . 
homefed corp. said its main subsidiary , home federal savings & loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to homefed bank . 
the federal office of thrift supervision approved the conversion last friday , homefed said . 
the change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said . 
it was the second anniversary of the 9999 crash , but this time it was different . 
stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected . 
blue chips led the march up in heavy trading . 
the dow jones industrial average rose 99.99 points to 9999.99 . 
the 99 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in . 
by afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength . 
standard & poor 's 999-stock index rose 9.99 to 999.99 and the nasdaq composite index jumped 9.99 to 999.99 . 
new york stock exchange volume UNKNOWN to 999,999,999 shares . 
the industrials were up about 99 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
traders said a variety of factors triggered the rally . 
the consumer price index rose 9.9 % in september , while many economists were looking for a 9.9 % increase . 
stock-index arbitrage buy programs -- in which traders buy stock against offsetting positions in futures to lock in price differences -- helped the rally 's momentum . 
the UNKNOWN was such that investors responded to good earnings reports of companies such as american express , while ignoring the disappointing profits of companies such as caterpillar , analysts said . 
stock-index arbitrage trading was a minor influence in yesterday 's rally , traders said . 
institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher . 
to the UNKNOWN of some traders , takeover stocks were climbing again . 
UNKNOWN rose 9 9\/9 to 999 , for example . 
last friday , takeover traders UNKNOWN out of UNKNOWN , knocking the stock down 99 9\/9 to 99 . 
among other stocks involved in UNKNOWN or rumored to be so : holiday corp. gained 9 9\/9 to 99 and honeywell rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
one floor trader noted in UNKNOWN that nobody seemed to mind the news that british airways is n't making a special effort to revive the ual buy-out . 
the announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
takeover UNKNOWN may have been renewed when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $ 9.9 billion leveraged buy-out of american medical international . 
`` that 's put some UNKNOWN back into this market , '' said peter UNKNOWN , a vice president of equity trading at shearson lehman hutton . 
but some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye . 
`` there is no strength behind this rally , '' asserted UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head trader at kleinwort benson north america . 
`` it 's traders UNKNOWN positions . 
it 's not good ; the market is setting up for another fall . '' 
indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of UNKNOWN futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by UNKNOWN traders who were UNKNOWN positions that were UNKNOWN on declining stock prices . 
the number of outstanding contracts in the october major market index jumped from 9,999 on friday to 9,999 on monday . 
the UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN index that UNKNOWN the dow jones industrial average . 
outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated . 
by wednesday , the outstanding october contracts amounted to 9,999 , representing about $ 9.99 billion in stock , noted donald UNKNOWN , head of stock-index futures research at prudential-bache securities , who expects a volatile expiration today . 
`` there has been a tremendous increase '' in UNKNOWN positions , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues . 
philip morris added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 in big board composite trading of 9.9 million shares , coca-cola co. gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and american telephone & telegraph advanced 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
american medical jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
ima acquisition , an investor group that includes first boston and the UNKNOWN family of chicago , said chemical bank had made arrangements for 99 other banks to provide $ 999 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer . 
chemical and six other banks , along with first boston , are providing the rest of the $ 9.9 billion . 
elsewhere on the takeover front , time warner advanced 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 and warner communications UNKNOWN on 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the delaware supreme court UNKNOWN a ruling that barred UNKNOWN industries from voting its warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies ' proposed merger . 
paramount communications climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and mca rose 9 9\/9 to 99 ; both media companies have long been mentioned as potential acquisition candidates . 
among other actual and rumored targets , woolworth rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN went up 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN world industries gained 9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
in addition : -- soo line jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , above the $ 99.99 a share that canadian pacific offered for the company in a takeover proposal . 
-- xtra gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
investor robert m. gintel , who owns a 9.9 % stake in the company , said he plans a proxy fight for control of its board . 
-- golden nugget rose 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 99 % of its shares outstanding . 
buying interest also UNKNOWN in the technology sector , including international business machines , whose board approved a $ 9 billion increase in its stock buy-back program . 
ibm rose 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 as 9.9 million shares changed hands . 
compaq computer soared 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares in response to the company 's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month . 
digital equipment gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 despite reporting earnings for the september quarter that were on the low end of expectations . 
among other technology issues , cray research rose 9 9\/9 to 99 , hewlett-packard added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , tandem computers rallied 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , data general rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and motorola gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
on the other hand , symbol technologies dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 after shearson lehman hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock and its 9999 earnings estimate , and commodore international fell 9\/9 to 9 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the september quarter . 
insurance stocks continued to climb on expectations that premium rates will rise in the aftermath of the earthquake in the san francisco area . 
american international group climbed 9 to 999 9\/9 , general re rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , kemper added 9 9\/9 to 99 , UNKNOWN went up 9 9\/9 to 99 and UNKNOWN rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
stocks of major toy makers rallied in the wake of strong third-quarter earnings reports . 
mattel added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 9 to 99 9\/9 and lewis UNKNOWN toys rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on the big board , while hasbro gained 9 to 99 9\/9 on the american stock exchange . 
capital UNKNOWN surged 99 9\/9 to 999 . 
kidder peabody raised its investment rating on the stock and its earnings estimates for 9999 and 9999 , based on UNKNOWN that the company 's abc television network will continue to fare well in the ratings . 
dun & bradstreet lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
merrill lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 9999 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's UNKNOWN business . 
pinnacle west capital , which suspended its UNKNOWN dividend UNKNOWN and reported a 99 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the amex market value index recorded its UNKNOWN gain of the year by climbing 9.99 to 999.99 . 
volume totaled 99,999,999 shares . 
b.a.t industries , the most active amex issue , rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan , designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier sir james goldsmith . 
chambers development class a jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and class b rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company said six officers are buying a total of $ 9.9 million of its stock . 
UNKNOWN cos. , the target of an investigation by the u.s. UNKNOWN general , dropped 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the probe involves testing procedures used on certain government contracts by the company 's UNKNOWN unit . 
avondale industries inc. , new orleans , received a $ 99 million contract from the navy to UNKNOWN by 99 % the capacity of an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the award results from the navy 's UNKNOWN of an option in an earlier contract it awarded avondale . 
richard j. UNKNOWN was elected to the board of this personnel consulting concern , increasing its size to nine members . 
mr. UNKNOWN is president and chief operating officer of UNKNOWN mutual life insurance co . 
the senate rejected a constitutional amendment that president bush sought to protect the u.s. flag from UNKNOWN . 
the 99-99 roll call fell well short of the two-thirds majority needed to approve changes to the constitution . 
the vote , in which 99 gop lawmakers voted against mr. bush 's position , was a victory for democratic leaders , who opposed the amendment as an UNKNOWN on the bill of rights . 
`` we can support the american flag without changing the american constitution , '' said senate majority leader george mitchell of maine . 
in order to UNKNOWN pressure for an amendment , mr. mitchell and house speaker thomas foley ( d. , wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag UNKNOWN before voting on the constitutional change . 
mr. bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his UNKNOWN , because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately . 
in june , the supreme court threw out the conviction of a texas man who set a flag UNKNOWN during a 9999 UNKNOWN , saying he was `` engaging in political UNKNOWN '' that is protected by the first amendment . 
if you think you have stress-related problems on the job , there 's good news and bad news . 
you 're probably right , and you are n't alone . 
a new UNKNOWN poll study commissioned by the new york business group on health , found that a full 99 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related UNKNOWN , with about 99 % suffering from depression . 
the study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies . 
it is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the new york business group , a non-profit organization with about 999 members . 
the stress study was undertaken because problems related to stress `` are much more UNKNOWN than they seem , '' said UNKNOWN j. UNKNOWN , executive director of the business group . 
in UNKNOWN the study late last week , dr. UNKNOWN estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN related to anxiety , depression and stress costs about $ 9,999 a case in terms of worker 's compensation . 
in terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 99 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression . 
he added that the cost for stress-related compensation claims is about twice the average for all injury claims . 
`` we hope to UNKNOWN employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , dr. UNKNOWN said . 
early UNKNOWN into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with UNKNOWN , which sometimes results when these problems go UNKNOWN for too long . 
even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the national council on compensation insurance . 
but although 99 % of the respondents in the study indicated that UNKNOWN problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social UNKNOWN associated with people seeking help . 
the disorders , which 99 years ago struck UNKNOWN and older people , `` now strike people at the UNKNOWN of productivity , '' says robert UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , of the national institute of UNKNOWN health , who spoke at the presentation of the study 's findings . 
the poll showed that company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem , with 99 % of those in companies of more than 99,999 employees saying stress-related problems were `` fairly pervasive '' and 99 % of those in companies with fewer than 9,999 employees agreeing . 
the poll also noted fear of a takeover as a UNKNOWN event in larger companies . 
more than eight in 99 respondents reported such a UNKNOWN situation in their company . 
UNKNOWN companies were most affected by talk of UNKNOWN or plant UNKNOWN . 
the study , which received funding from UNKNOWN co. , which makes several drugs to treat stress-related UNKNOWN , also found 99 % of the managers said stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production . 
alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 99 % of those UNKNOWN . 
although dr. UNKNOWN points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to UNKNOWN . '' 
he also noted that various work UNKNOWN , such as night work , have their own `` UNKNOWN . '' 
`` we all like stress , but there 's a limit , '' says paul d'arcy , of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a corporate psychology and management consulting firm . 
the problem , says mr. d'arcy , a UNKNOWN , is that `` it 's very hard to get any hard measures on how stress UNKNOWN job performance . 
for cheap air fares , spend christmas UNKNOWN 
it is n't true that a 99-year old UNKNOWN on a mission of UNKNOWN to a disaster area on christmas day can fly free . 
but his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in america . 
in recent years , carriers have become much more UNKNOWN about who can fly on the cheap . 
but there still are a few ways today 's UNKNOWN can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions . 
one of the best deals , though , may mean UNKNOWN christmas dinner with the UNKNOWN . 
this week , many carriers are announcing UNKNOWN fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most UNKNOWN -- and UNKNOWN -- days of the year , including christmas . 
in recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court christmas season UNKNOWN with bargain fares . 
that approach UNKNOWN : last christmas day , a usair group inc. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN flew about seven passengers from chicago to pittsburgh . 
so this year , the airlines are getting a jump on holiday discounts . 
they are cutting ticket prices by as much as 99 % from normal levels for travel to most u.s. locations on dec. 99 , 99 , 99 , 99 and 99 , and jan. 9 , 9 and 9 . 
the promotions -- dubbed everything from UNKNOWN is the season to be UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN fares -- put UNKNOWN fares at $ 99 , $ 999 and $ 999 . 
`` they 're trying to keep planes flying on days they 'd normally park them , '' says roger bard , president of mr. mitchell travel service in UNKNOWN , n.c . 
expect , of course , UNKNOWN prices on other dates near the holidays when the airlines know UNKNOWN are eager to travel . 
consider adopting your UNKNOWN 's name 
if continental airlines has its way , couples like UNKNOWN thomas and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN may find it a UNKNOWN to qualify for some new discounts . 
continental , a texas air corp. unit , recently unveiled a marketing program offering free UNKNOWN tickets to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN passengers on international flights . 
the continental catch : only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related . 
that UNKNOWN many women who have n't taken their UNKNOWN ' last name . 
`` what a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of the new york chapter of the national association of women business owners . 
`` this sets things way back . '' 
continental 's logic : it does n't want business UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the promotion by UNKNOWN claiming to be related . 
`` we accommodate their choice of names by allowing them to UNKNOWN '' family UNKNOWN with legal documents , says jim UNKNOWN , a senior vice president . 
but UNKNOWN rights advocates are angry , too . 
the UNKNOWN legal defense and education fund of new york city has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline does n't recognize as family . 
`` it 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whose group forced trans world airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent UNKNOWN awards only to family members . 
take your UNKNOWN in a hurricane area 
when hurricane hugo UNKNOWN through the caribbean and the atlantic coast states , it UNKNOWN electric and telephone lines , shot UNKNOWN through UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , shattered windows and UNKNOWN thousands of lives . 
it also lowered some air fares . 
since the hurricane , UNKNOWN airlines inc. and american airlines , a unit of amr corp. , trimmed their UNKNOWN fares to the virgin islands to $ 999 from prices that were at times double that before the storm . 
the fares are UNKNOWN hugo , UNKNOWN and virgin islands aid . 
( airlines are n't lowering fares to northern california following this week 's earthquake , but UNKNOWN agents can waive UNKNOWN restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . ) 
some hotels in the UNKNOWN caribbean promise UNKNOWN guarantees . 
in UNKNOWN beach , UNKNOWN , the damaged UNKNOWN resort offers daily rates as low as $ 99 , or as much as 99 % below regular prices . 
says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a clerk in the resort 's front office : `` we do n't have the UNKNOWN pool , the pool table , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN table , UNKNOWN bar or UNKNOWN , but we still have the UNKNOWN pool and UNKNOWN . '' 
just wait until you 're a bit older 
senior citizens have long received cheap air fares . 
this year , the older someone is the bigger the discount . 
a senior citizen between 99 and 99 UNKNOWN 99 % off regular UNKNOWN fare . 
travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age . 
and UNKNOWN fly free in first class . 
next month , northwest airlines says , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , mich. , woman is taking it up on the offer to fly with her 99-year-old son to tampa , fla . 
last year when northwest first offered the promotion , only six UNKNOWN flew free . 
if all else fails ... . 
the UNKNOWN carriers also provide discounts to red cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
there 's even a special fare for UNKNOWN that does n't require the usual stay over saturday night . 
that way , they can be home in time for work sunday . 
the british petroleum co. plc said its UNKNOWN exploration unit has produced the first oil from its don UNKNOWN in the north sea . 
in an official release , UNKNOWN said initial production from the field was 99,999 barrels a day , and that it expects peak output from the field of 99,999 barrels a day to be reached in 9999 . 
as the sponsor of the `` older americans freedom to work act , '' which would repeal the social security earnings limit for people UNKNOWN 99 and older , i UNKNOWN your strong UNKNOWN to repeal this UNKNOWN fossil . 
for every dollar earned over $ 9,999 , social security UNKNOWN lose 99 cents of their social security benefits ; it 's like a 99 % marginal tax . 
but the UNKNOWN effects of `` seniors only '' taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates . 
imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic UNKNOWN . 
although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 9,999 to offset her catastrophic UNKNOWN of $ 999 . 
eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
repeal would generate more in new taxes than the government would lose in increased social security benefit payments . 
we now need support from the democrats on the rules committee in order to include UNKNOWN reform in the reconciliation bill . 
since all four republicans on the committee are UNKNOWN of my bill , it is the democrats who will be held fully UNKNOWN if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor . 
the time is now to lift the UNKNOWN social security earnings limit from the backs of our nation 's seniors . 
rep. j. dennis UNKNOWN ( r. , ill . ) 
when his seventh avenue fur business here was flying high 99 years ago , jack purnick had 99 workers and a large factory . 
now his UNKNOWN employees work in an UNKNOWN shop that he says is smaller than his old storage room . 
he also says he is losing money now . 
he blames imports . 
but just down seventh avenue , where about 99 % of u.s. fur UNKNOWN are made , larry rosen has acquired two retail outlets , UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN line and expanded into UNKNOWN . 
he credits imports . 
the difference lies in how the two UNKNOWN furriers reacted to the foreign competition and UNKNOWN of their industry over the past 99 years . 
one stuck to UNKNOWN business UNKNOWN , while the other embraced the change . 
`` the small , good fur salon is not what it used to be , '' says mr. purnick , 99 years old . 
`` we make the UNKNOWN product in the world , and the americans are being kicked around . '' 
mr. rosen , though , believes imports have UNKNOWN the industry in which he has worked for most of his 99 years . 
`` you 've got some minds here that wo n't think UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
import competition for u.s. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing `` UNKNOWN mink '' and similar UNKNOWN imported furs in recent years . 
merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by UNKNOWN furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late UNKNOWN -- who never thought she could buy a mink . 
the new market helped boost u.s. fur sales to about $ 9.9 billion a year now , triple the level in the late 9999s . 
it also opened the door to furs made in south korea , china , hong kong and other countries . 
UNKNOWN furs , a large south korean maker , says it operates 99 retail outlets in the u.s. and plans to open 99 more by the end of next year . 
mr. purnick and other UNKNOWN furriers call many of the the imports UNKNOWN and poorly made . 
high-end u.s. furriers say these imports have n't squeezed them . 
but UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN furriers like mr. purnick , who once UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN seventh avenue fur district , say imports have cut their sales . 
a woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a UNKNOWN mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 9,999 . 
yet mr. rosen has turned the import phenomenon to his advantage . 
early in the decade he saw that fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their american counterparts and were more open to UNKNOWN . 
in 9999 , he started a factory in greece . 
two years later , he opened one in west germany . 
he also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur , and he decided to follow suit . 
by UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost . 
to maintain control over production and avoid UNKNOWN on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the u.s. . 
but six years ago he also began importing from the far east . 
inspired by imports , mr. rosen now makes fur UNKNOWN , hats and UNKNOWN . 
this year he produced a men 's line and offers UNKNOWN furs in red , cherry red , UNKNOWN , royal blue and forest green . 
he has UNKNOWN jackets from turkey that are lined with UNKNOWN skin and topped off with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
from asia , he has mink jackets with UNKNOWN patterns made by using different UNKNOWN furs . 
next he will be testing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( called UNKNOWN ) made in the far east . 
he plans to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN to the backs of mink coats and jackets . 
besides adding to sales , UNKNOWN also attract retailers who may buy furs later , he adds . 
other furriers have also benefited from UNKNOWN . 
seymour UNKNOWN , the 99-year-old owner of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN furs inc. , UNKNOWN the reverse side of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to produce a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he says it accounts for 99 % of total sales . 
mr. rosen is also pushing retail sales . 
this year he bought two stores , one in brooklyn and one in UNKNOWN . 
other furriers have also placed more weight on retailing . 
golden UNKNOWN furs inc. began retailing aggressively eight years ago , and now retail sales account for about 99 % of gross income . 
in other moves , mr. rosen says he bought a truck three years ago to reach more retailers . 
since then he has expanded his fleet and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the midwest . 
small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his new york UNKNOWN have become fair game . 
such moves have helped mr. rosen weather the industry slump of recent years . 
the industry enjoyed six UNKNOWN years beginning in 9999 , but since 9999 sales have UNKNOWN at their $ 9.9 billion peak . 
large furriers such as UNKNOWN inc. , fur UNKNOWN inc. and evans inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years . 
UNKNOWN of the 9999 stock market crash head the list of reasons . 
in addition , competition has UNKNOWN the market with both UNKNOWN and coats , driving prices down . 
the UNKNOWN movement has n't helped sales . 
warm UNKNOWN over the past two years have trimmed demand , too , furriers complain . 
and those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages . 
`` the UNKNOWN labor needed to manufacture furs { in the u.s. . } is not as available as it was , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , who is starting overseas production . 
but even those who have found a way to cope with the imports and the slump , fear that furs are losing part of their UNKNOWN . 
`` people are promoting furs in various ways and taking the UNKNOWN out of the fur business , '' says stephen UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN merchandise manager for marshall field 's department store in chicago . 
`` you ca n't make a commodity out of a luxury , '' insists mr. purnick , the new york UNKNOWN . 
he contends that UNKNOWN consumers with UNKNOWN imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs . 
but mr. rosen UNKNOWN : `` whatever people want to buy , i 'll sell . 
the name of the game is to move goods . 
four workers at gte corp. 's headquarters have been UNKNOWN as having hepatitis , and city health officials are investigating whether a cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other gte employees to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , company and city officials said . 
the four cases were all reported to gte 's medical director and state and local health authorities . 
gte shut down its cafeteria tuesday afternoon after testing determined that at least one cafeteria worker employed by gte 's private food UNKNOWN contractor , UNKNOWN services inc. , was suffering from a strain of the virus , officials said . 
more than 999 people work in the gte building . 
the cafeteria remains closed . 
dr. andrew UNKNOWN , city health director , said his staff suspects the hepatitis , which can be highly UNKNOWN , was spread by the cafeteria worker with the virus . 
the exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , dr. UNKNOWN said . 
hepatitis a , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one gte employee , company and city officials said . 
`` from a public health point of view we 're relieved because hepatitis a is rarely UNKNOWN , '' said dr. frank UNKNOWN , gte 's medical director . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN though , because it is also the most UNKNOWN kind of hepatitis . '' 
gte officials began posting warning UNKNOWN about the potential threat to exposure wednesday morning at various places at the company , said gte spokesman thomas UNKNOWN . 
the company has begun offering UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which will UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN symptoms of hepatitis a , in anyone who has contracted the disease , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` we 're strongly UNKNOWN that anyone who has UNKNOWN in the cafeteria this month have the shot , '' mr. UNKNOWN added , `` and that means virtually everyone who works here . 
i was UNKNOWN to read the UNKNOWN of facts in your oct. 99 editorial `` UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN publisher . '' 
it is the UNKNOWN guerrillas who are UNKNOWN with the drug UNKNOWN , not the left UNKNOWN . 
this information was UNKNOWN from your own news stories on the region . 
past UNKNOWN government UNKNOWN of the `` UNKNOWN '' was due to the drug UNKNOWN ' history of UNKNOWN out UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . 
mary UNKNOWN palo alto , calif. 
i suggest that the wall street journal ( as well as other u.s. news publications of like mind ) should put its money where its mouth is : lend computer equipment to replace that damaged at el UNKNOWN , buy ad space , publish stories under the UNKNOWN of el UNKNOWN journalists . 
perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to `` sponsor '' el UNKNOWN journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories . 
reward el UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN with real support . 
douglas b. evans 
coca-cola co . ( atlanta ) -- 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and george UNKNOWN were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , is the company 's director of quality assurance ; most recently , he served as vice president , operations , for coca-cola enterprises . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 , is manager for corporate manufacturing operations ; he was assistant vice president at the company . 
in the wake of a slide in sterling , a tailspin in the stock market , and a string of UNKNOWN economic indicators , british chancellor of the exchequer nigel lawson promised gradual improvement in the u.k. economy . 
in a speech prepared for delivery to london 's financial community , mr. lawson UNKNOWN up current economic policy as a battle to UNKNOWN inflation out of the british economy , using high interest rates as `` the essential instrument '' to carry out the campaign . 
two weeks after boosting base rates to 99 % , he pledged that `` rates will have to remain high for some time to come . '' 
mr. lawson also made it clear that he would be watching exchange rates carefully . 
a UNKNOWN pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued . 
in an apparent warning to currency traders who have lately been selling the british currency , he stated that the exchange rates will have a `` major role in the assessment of monetary conditions . '' 
in UNKNOWN the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound , mr. lawson dismissed other approaches to managing the economy . 
he said he monitors the UNKNOWN figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested . 
mr. lawson also dismissed the possibility of imposing direct credit controls on britain 's financial system . 
mr. lawson 's speech , delivered at the lord mayor of london 's annual dinner at mansion house , came on the heels of a UNKNOWN period for the u.k. economy . 
two weeks ago , in a campaign to UNKNOWN inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound , he raised base rates a full percentage point to 99 % . 
despite the increase , the british currency slid below a perceived UNKNOWN of three marks early last week . 
it was quoted at 9.9999 marks in late new york trading wednesday . 
leading up to the speech was a UNKNOWN of economic statistics suggesting that the british war on inflation will be more UNKNOWN than previously assumed . 
unemployment in september dropped to 9,999,999 , the lowest level since 9999 . 
while lower UNKNOWN is generally good news , the hefty drop last month indicates that the economy is n't slowing down as much as hoped -- despite a doubling of interest rates over the last 99 months . 
meanwhile , average earnings in britain were up 9.99 % in august over the previous year . 
another UNKNOWN sign came in a surge in UNKNOWN lending to a record # 99.9 billion ( $ 99.99 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
in a separate speech prepared for delivery at the dinner , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , bank of england governor , conceded that `` demand pressures were even more UNKNOWN than had been UNKNOWN '' when the british economy was heating up last year . 
he added that `` there 's no UNKNOWN solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . '' 
discussing the recent slide in stock prices , the central bank governor stated that `` the markets now appear to have UNKNOWN '' after the `` nasty UNKNOWN '' of the 999.99-point plunge in the dow jones industrial average a week ago . 
although the new york market plunge prompted a UNKNOWN drop in the london financial times-stock exchange 999 share index , mr. UNKNOWN declared `` that the experience owed nothing to the particular problems of the british economy . '' 
specifically , he pointed out that compared with the u.s. market , the u.k. has far fewer highly leveraged junk-bond UNKNOWN . 
discussing future monetary arrangements , mr. lawson repeated the thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the european monetary system , but he did n't indicate when . 
UNKNOWN . 
c. olivetti & co. , claiming it has won the race in europe to introduce computers based on a powerful new UNKNOWN chip , unveiled its UNKNOWN computer yesterday . 
the product is the first from a european company based on intel corp. 's new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which works several times faster than previously available chips . 
hewlett-packard co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year . 
an olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in europe by december . 
`` what this means is that UNKNOWN will have these machines in their offices before americans do , '' the spokesman said . 
the new chip `` is a very big step in computing , and it is important that olivetti be one of the first out on the market with this product , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN davis , an analyst at james capel & co. in london . 
executives at olivetti , whose earnings have been steadily sliding over the past couple of years , have acknowledged that in the past they have UNKNOWN at getting new technology to market . 
ms. davis said the new machines could steal some sales away from olivetti 's own UNKNOWN , but would bring new sales among professionals such as engineers , UNKNOWN and medical doctors . 
although olivetti 's profits tumbled 99 % in the first half of this year , she believes olivetti 's restructuring last fall and its introduction of new products will begin to bear fruit with an earnings rebound next year , especially if it can UNKNOWN its promise to deliver the new machines by december . 
`` we think the worst is over '' in the european UNKNOWN market , she said . 
depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals ( a role usually filled by a UNKNOWN ) , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer . 
`` it 's the missing link '' in olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the olivetti spokesman said . 
he added that olivetti will continue making its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN line . 
the machines will cost around $ 99,999 on average in europe . 
the intel 999 chip can process 99 million instructions per second , or UNKNOWN , while intel 's previous 999 chip could handle only 9 to 9 UNKNOWN . 
olivetti also plans to sell the UNKNOWN computer in the u.s. starting next year through olivetti usa and through its UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN UNKNOWN unit , which specializes in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN networks . 
UNKNOWN inc. said it received approval from the french government for its proposed $ 99.9 million acquisition of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the approval UNKNOWN the remaining conditions of the purchase , which is expected to close within two weeks . 
UNKNOWN , the second-largest maker of food cans in france , had 9999 sales of $ 999 million . 
UNKNOWN has 999 workers at four UNKNOWN manufacturing plants and one plastic UNKNOWN facility . 
UNKNOWN makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries . 
social security benefits will rise 9.9 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 999 from $ 999 , the department of health and human services announced . 
the higher payments will start with social security checks received on jan. 9 , 9999 . 
UNKNOWN security income payments to the disabled also will rise 9.9 % , starting with checks received on dec. 99 , 9999 , increasing the maximum UNKNOWN payment to $ 999 from $ 999 a month . 
the inflation adjustment also means that the maximum annual level of earnings subject to the wage tax that generates revenue for the social security trust fund will rise to $ 99,999 in 9999 from $ 99,999 this year . 
as mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 9.99 % in 9999 from 9.99 % and wo n't rise any further in the future . 
this means that the maximum yearly social security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 999.99 next year to $ 9,999.99 . 
beneficiaries UNKNOWN 99 through 99 will be able to earn $ 9,999 without losing any social security benefits in 9999 , up from $ 9,999 this year . 
the exempt amount for beneficiaries under 99 will rise to $ 9,999 from $ 9,999 . 
the adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year . 
health-care companies should get UNKNOWN in the third quarter . 
UNKNOWN houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 99 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 99 % , analysts say . 
to offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through UNKNOWN , and slowing the growth in research and development spending . 
sales growth in the quarter was slowed by mounting pressure from groups of buyers , such as hospitals , to hold down prices . 
suppliers were also hurt by the stronger u.s. dollar , which makes sales abroad more difficult . 
in some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & co. , for example , faces stiff competition from a japanese supplier in the important UNKNOWN market . 
the franklin UNKNOWN , n.j. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 9 % to 9 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 99 % , says jerry e. UNKNOWN , an analyst with UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc . 
among the first of the group to post results , UNKNOWN laboratories said third-quarter net income jumped 99 % to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales for the company , based in UNKNOWN park , ill. , rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN international inc. yesterday reported net climbed 99 % in the third period to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales for the UNKNOWN , ill. , company rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
but not every company expects to report increased earnings . 
UNKNOWN bard inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 99 % to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales fell 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the murray hill , n.j. , company said full-year earnings may be off 99 cents a share because the company removed a UNKNOWN from the market . 
in 9999 , the company earned $ 9.99 a share . 
the food and drug administration had raised questions about the device 's design . 
some analysts add that UNKNOWN pressures to reduce health costs will continue to UNKNOWN companies ' bottom lines . 
takeover speculation , which has been UNKNOWN stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says peter UNKNOWN , an analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc . 
`` as that UNKNOWN , you 're going to see the stocks probably UNKNOWN as well , '' he says . 
hospitals companies , meanwhile , are reporting improved earnings . 
bolstered by strong UNKNOWN by its UNKNOWN hospitals , national medical enterprises inc. , los angeles , reported net income of $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , for the first quarter ended aug. 99 , up from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN inc. , louisville , ky. , also reported favorable results , with net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents , in the fourth quarter ended aug. 99 , up from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents , a year earlier . 
analysts say the handful of hospital companies that are still publicly traded are benefiting from several trends . 
most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline . 
moreover , companies have sold off many of their smaller , UNKNOWN hospitals and have completed UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 's revenues , for example , are being boosted by large increases in UNKNOWN in the company 's health maintenance organizations . 
says UNKNOWN richter , an analyst with dean witter reynolds : `` the UNKNOWN in the publicly traded companies is over . 
initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 999,999 during the week ended oct. 9 from 999,999 the previous week , the labor department said . 
the number of people receiving regular state benefits in the week ended sept. 99 decreased to a seasonally adjusted 9,999,999 , or 9.9 % of those covered by unemployment insurance , from 9,999,999 the previous week , when the insured unemployment rate also was 9.9 % . 
counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended sept. 99 fell to 9,999,999 from 9,999,999 a week earlier . 
these figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
a labor department spokesman said the unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of hurricane hugo on southern states , particularly north carolina and south carolina . 
the figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking nynex corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said . 
digital equipment corp. reported a 99 % decline in net income on a modest revenue gain in its fiscal first quarter , causing some analysts to predict weaker results ahead than they had expected . 
although the second-largest computer maker had prepared wall street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat u.s. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders . 
the maynard , mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on UNKNOWN machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes . 
net for the quarter ended sept. 99 fell to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
digital said a shift in its product mix toward UNKNOWN products and strong growth in workstation sales UNKNOWN lower gross margins . 
a spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector . 
the lack of a strong product at the high end of digital 's line was a significant drag on sales . 
digital hopes to address that with the debut of its first UNKNOWN computers next tuesday . 
the new line is aimed directly at international business machines corp . 
`` until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , '' said mark UNKNOWN , digital 's director of investor relations . 
he said unfavorable currency UNKNOWN were also a factor in the quarter . 
dec shares rose $ 9.999 to $ 99.99 apiece in consolidated new york stock exchange trading yesterday . 
but analysts said that against the UNKNOWN of a nearly 99-point rise in the dow jones industrial average , that should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength . 
some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead . 
`` i think the next few quarters will be difficult , '' said steven UNKNOWN of first boston . 
`` margins will remain under pressure , and when the new mainframe does ship , i 'm not sure it will be a big winner . 
'' mr. UNKNOWN said he was UNKNOWN his estimate for dec 's current year from $ 9.99 a share to `` well below $ 9 , '' although he has n't settled on a final number . 
one troubling aspect of dec 's results , analysts said , was its performance in europe . 
dec said its overseas business , which now accounts for more than half of sales , improved in the quarter . 
it even took the unusually frank step of telling analysts in a morning conference call that orders in europe were up in `` double UNKNOWN '' in UNKNOWN terms . 
that gain probably translated into about 9 % to 9 % in dollar terms , well below recent quarters ' gains of above 99 % , reckons jay stevens of dean witter reynolds . 
`` that was a disappointment '' and a sign of overall UNKNOWN softness in europe , mr. stevens said . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN securities in new york , dropped his estimate of dec 's full-year net to $ 9.99 a share from $ 9 . 
although overall revenues were stronger , mr. UNKNOWN said , dec `` drew down its european backlog '' and had flat world-wide orders overall . 
`` the bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
mr. UNKNOWN said he believes that the UNKNOWN of dec 's new mainframe will `` occur somewhat more UNKNOWN '' than many of his investment colleagues expect . 
he said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in december , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by june . 
for reasons he would n't elaborate on , he said he 's sure that schedule wo n't be met , meaning less profit impact from the product for dec in the next few quarters . 
john r. UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
colgate UNKNOWN co. reported third-quarter net income rose 99 % , bolstered by strong sales in its latin american business and surprisingly healthy profits from u.s. operations . 
colgate said net income for the quarter rose to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on sales that increased 9 % to $ 9.9 billion . 
in the year-earlier period , colgate posted net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
last year 's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
UNKNOWN mark , chairman and chief executive officer of colgate , said earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in latin america , the far east and europe . 
results were also bolstered by `` a very UNKNOWN increase in operating profit at colgate 's u.s. business , '' he said . 
operating profit at colgate 's u.s. household products and personal care businesses , which include such well-known brands as colgate toothpaste and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , jumped more than 99 % , the company said . 
mr. mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , UNKNOWN together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities . 
`` we 've done a lot to improve ( u.s. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' mr. mark said . 
`` improving profitability of u.s. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . '' 
colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
the UNKNOWN of the improvement in the u.s. business caught some analysts by surprise . 
the company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years . 
analysts say the earnings improvement came from cutting costs rather than increasing sales . 
for the nine months , net increased 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales rose 9 % to $ 9.9 billion . 
the company earned $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
colgate 's 9999 net income included $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year . 
separately , colgate wednesday UNKNOWN an agreement with UNKNOWN corp. , a tiny UNKNOWN products and pharmaceutical concern based in UNKNOWN , mass. , to market in the u.s. four of UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN products . 
the products -- UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN materials used by UNKNOWN -- all contain UNKNOWN that is released over time . 
the move is part of a drive to increase colgate 's business with UNKNOWN , a company spokeswoman said . 
terms of the agreement were n't given . 
UNKNOWN limited partnership said it completed the sale of its UNKNOWN restaurant franchise system to a subsidiary of UNKNOWN co. for $ 99 million in cash . 
UNKNOWN , which is nearly UNKNOWN by sam and charles UNKNOWN of dallas , said it will distribute proceeds from the sale to unit holders as a UNKNOWN dividend as soon as possible . 
the UNKNOWN franchise system , which generates about $ 999 million in sales annually , represented substantially all of the partnership 's assets . 
the sale of the system has been UNKNOWN in a class-action suit on behalf of unit holders filed last week in a delaware court , UNKNOWN said . 
the company said it believes the suit is without merit . 
american telephone & telegraph co. unveiled a sweetened pension and UNKNOWN program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 999 million in the next year . 
at&t also said net income rose 99 % in the third quarter . 
at&t said its amended pension program will nearly double to 99,999 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments . 
at&t said that based on studies of other companies that have offered retirement plans , it expects about one-third of its eligible managers to retire under the new program . 
at&t said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets . 
net income rose to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue edged up to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the latest period 's net was reduced $ 999 million , or nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method and UNKNOWN changes in estimates of UNKNOWN lives and net UNKNOWN for certain telecommunications equipment . 
the results roughly matched estimates of securities analysts , who were encouraged by at&t increasing its operating margin to 99 % from 99 % a year ago , because of continued cost-cutting efforts . 
sales of long-distance services , an extremely competitive market , rose 9.9 % . 
but the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and UNKNOWN and price cuts on some products . 
under the amended pension program , at&t managers who have at least five years of service will have five years added to their age and UNKNOWN of service for pension purposes . 
managers who retire dec. 99 will have an additional 99 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 99 , UNKNOWN comes earlier . 
an at&t spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees . 
analysts UNKNOWN the sweetened pension package , which they said had been the subject of rumors for several months . 
`` this tells you at&t is serious about continuing to manage their cost structure and is committed to UNKNOWN earnings growth , '' said jack UNKNOWN , an analyst with painewebber inc . 
but other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth . 
`` this is a good move , but it only gets you to where people 's expectations already are , '' in terms of earnings growth , said joel d. gross , an analyst with donaldson , lufkin & jenrette . 
mr. gross said he had hoped that a cost savings of $ 999 million would result in even greater growth than the 99 % annual earnings increase at&t has told analysts it expects in the future . 
at&t said the special retirement option will increase fourth-quarter expenses . 
but the company said the amount ca n't be determined until it knows how many managers UNKNOWN to retire . 
at&t said the expense increase will be largely offset by a gain from its previously announced plan to UNKNOWN its holdings in UNKNOWN . c. olivetti & co. for shares in cie . UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an italian holding company . 
for the nine months , at&t said net income was $ 9.99 billion , or $ 9.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 9.99 billion , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue gained 9.9 % to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99 billion . 
in composite trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange , at&t shares closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
when it comes to buying and selling shares , westridge capital management inc. takes a back seat to no one . 
every dollar 's worth of stock in the los angeles money manager 's portfolio is traded seven or eight times a year , the firm estimates . 
that makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to securities and exchange commission filings . 
but wait a second . 
westridge capital is an index fund -- the type of UNKNOWN long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
westridge capital 's UNKNOWN trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously UNKNOWN world of indexing . 
indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as standard & poor 's 999-stock index , and match its performance . 
institutional investors have poured $ 999 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns . 
these big investors have UNKNOWN to indexing because relatively few `` active '' stock UNKNOWN have been able to consistently match the returns of the s&p 999 or other UNKNOWN , much less beat it . 
and the fees investors pay for indexing run a few UNKNOWN for each $ 999 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers . 
that 's because computers do most of the work , and low trading activity keeps a UNKNOWN on commission costs . 
but today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one . 
because UNKNOWN managers are no longer satisfied with merely being average , they have developed `` enhanced '' indexing strategies that are intended to UNKNOWN the market as much as three percentage points . 
`` indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , '' says UNKNOWN m. lynn , president of UNKNOWN core investors inc. , an UNKNOWN based in UNKNOWN , n.y . 
`` now the interest is in what else can i do with that money . '' 
among the UNKNOWN indexing strategies : UNKNOWN portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the s&p 999 companies . 
they can ignore the s&p 999 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry , state or country . 
with today 's computer-driven program trading techniques , index funds can trade back and forth between stock-index futures and the actual stocks making up indexes such as the s&p 999 . 
futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market . 
one reason for these UNKNOWN is that indexing 's rapid growth is slowing , particularly for those `` plain UNKNOWN '' funds that mirror the s&p 999 . 
`` there is n't a UNKNOWN { of big investors } out there still waiting to get into indexing , '' says p. james UNKNOWN , vice president of UNKNOWN investment management co. , chicago , which offers both indexing and active management services . 
( after UNKNOWN in size in the past five years , index funds now hold about 99 % of the stock owned by pension funds . ) 
a further problem is UNKNOWN profits . 
UNKNOWN funds have become so UNKNOWN that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that . 
to land customers for their UNKNOWN stock UNKNOWN business , big banks sometimes will throw in basic indexing services for free . 
`` it 's like getting a free UNKNOWN when you open an account , '' says UNKNOWN core 's mr. lynn . 
as a result , UNKNOWN have been looking for ways to give investors something more than the average for their money . 
and many have been successful , as in the case of the index fund operated by UNKNOWN westridge capital . 
westridge capital has used enhanced indexing techniques to beat the s&p 999 's returns by 9.9 to 9 percentage points over the past four years , with the same risk level as holding the s&p 999 stocks , according to james UNKNOWN , the firm 's president . 
strategies vary for westridge capital , which has $ 999 million under management . 
the firm sometimes buys s&p 999 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks , and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any UNKNOWN price UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN also goes through periods when he buys stocks in UNKNOWN with options to boost returns and protect against declines . 
and in some months , he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all . 
`` by their nature , our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover , '' mr. UNKNOWN adds . 
`` the more turnover , the better for our clients . '' 
big UNKNOWN bankers trust co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund 's returns . 
j. thomas allen , president of UNKNOWN advanced investment management inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the s&p 999 stocks and futures . 
`` you 're buying the s&p , and you always want to hold the UNKNOWN form of it , '' he says . 
but some UNKNOWN make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors . 
`` if the futures markets have a problem , then those products could have a problem , '' says john UNKNOWN , managing director of prudential insurance co. of america 's investment index technologies inc. unit . 
prudential currently is seeking approval to offer a new fund offering a return equal to the s&p 999 index plus UNKNOWN of a percentage point . 
an added feature is that the UNKNOWN improved return would be guaranteed by prudential . 
there are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
they include : 
limited risk funds : 
these guarantee protection against stock market declines while still passing along most gains . 
here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 99 of every $ 999 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower . 
the fund could invest $ 99 for one year in treasury bills yielding 9 % to return the guaranteed $ 99 . 
that leaves $ 99 , which could be used to buy s&p 999 options that will nearly match any gain in the s&p index . 
manager UNKNOWN funds : 
say a big investor is interested in growth stocks . 
instead of hiring one of the many active managers UNKNOWN in growth stocks , UNKNOWN can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) . 
`` we see a lot of interest in those kind of things , '' says frank UNKNOWN , a vice president of bankers trust . 
`` people comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . '' 
tilt funds : 
this is an index fund with a bet . 
instead of UNKNOWN the s&p 999 or some other index exactly , some stocks are UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN in the portfolio . 
one simple approach is to exclude s&p 999 companies considered bankruptcy candidates ; this can avoid weak UNKNOWN , but also can hurt when a company like chrysler corp. UNKNOWN . 
another approach : an investor with $ 999 million might use $ 99 million to buy the s&p 999 index and spend the other $ 99 million on a favorite group of stocks . 
UNKNOWN funds : 
indexes can be UNKNOWN to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in south africa . 
other funds have been designed to concentrate on stocks in a UNKNOWN area in order to encourage local investment . 
pennsylvania state employees retirement system , for example , has about $ 999 million invested in a fund of 999 companies that are either UNKNOWN or have 99 % of their work forces in the state . 
short interest on the new york stock exchange declined for the second consecutive month , this time 9.9 % , while the american stock exchange reported its third consecutive record month of short interest . 
the big board reported that short interest dropped to 999,999,999 shares as of oct. 99 from 999,999,999 shares in UNKNOWN . 
amex short interest climbed 9 % to 99,999,999 shares from 99,999,999 shares . 
for the year-earlier month , the big board reported 999,999,999 shares , indicating a 99.9 % year-to-year rise , while the amex reported 99,999,999 shares , a 99 % leap . 
amex short interest has been heading upward since UNKNOWN , with increases in each month since then except at UNKNOWN . 
traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender . 
short interest is the number of shares that have n't yet been purchased for return to lenders . 
although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back . 
UNKNOWN in short interest of certain stocks also may be caused partly by UNKNOWN . 
the figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock . 
the level of negative sentiment measured by the big board short interest ratio slipped to 9.99 from last month 's 9.99 . 
the ratio is the number of trading days , at the exchange 's average trading volume , that would be required to convert the total short interest position . 
some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions . 
UNKNOWN corp. led the big board list of largest short UNKNOWN with 99,999,999 shares . 
UNKNOWN has proposed to acquire UNKNOWN corp. , consisting of the auto parts division and some debt of UNKNOWN corp. , for $ 999.9 million of cash and securities . 
chemical waste management posted the biggest increase in short volume on the new york exchange , up 9,999,999 shares to 9,999,999 . 
bristol-myers squibb co. , the entity formed from the recent acquisition of squibb corp. by bristol-myers co. , UNKNOWN the largest volume decline , 9,999,999 shares , to 99,999,999 . 
short interest in international business machines corp. plunged to 9,999,999 shares from 9,999,999 shares a month earlier . 
also closely watched is exxon corp. , where short interest slid to 9,999,999 shares from 9,999,999 . 
on a percentage basis , germany fund inc. led the gainers , UNKNOWN to 99,999 shares from three shares . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ltd. led the percentage decliners , dropping to 99 shares from 999,999 . 
the amex short interest volume leader again was texas air corp. , rising to 9,999,999 shares from 9,999,999 . 
UNKNOWN pharmaceutical co. posted the largest volume increase , 999,999 shares , to 9,999,999 . 
the company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain food and drug administration approval of UNKNOWN drugs . 
UNKNOWN has denied any wrongdoing . 
the largest volume drop -- down 999,999 shares to 999,999 -- came in shares represented by b.a.t industries plc 's american depositary receipts . 
the company is facing a takeover proposal from the financier sir james goldsmith . 
first UNKNOWN fund led the percentage increases , rising to 99,999 shares from 999 . 
nelson holdings international ltd. dropped the most on a percentage basis , to 9,999 shares from 999,999 . 
the UNKNOWN tables show the big board and amex issues in which a short interest position of at least 999,999 shares existed as of mid-october or in which there was a short position change of at least 99,999 shares since UNKNOWN . 
your oct. 99 editorial `` UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN presidency ? '' UNKNOWN states that i was critical of the bush administration 's failure to have any plan in place to respond in a timely fashion to the opportunities to oust manuel noriega presented by the attempted military coup on oct. 9 . 
you are absolutely wrong , however , in UNKNOWN that this position is some kind of `` UNKNOWN , '' something newly arrived at as a result of reading the opinion polls . 
my position is one founded on both the facts and the law . 
although you may have forgotten , public opinion about gen. noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics UNKNOWN ( and UNKNOWN work as a u.s. UNKNOWN ) . 
the public made up its mind about gen. noriega largely as a result of the hearings i UNKNOWN in the subcommittee on terrorism and narcotics of the foreign relations committee on feb. 9 , 9 , 99 and 99 , 9999 , and again on april 9 , 9999 . 
it was during those hearings that the nation first learned the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of gen. noriega 's UNKNOWN , and of his UNKNOWN relationships with a variety of u.s. government agencies . 
those hearings also UNKNOWN how gen. noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay u.s. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN the sandinistas to protect his own UNKNOWN . 
as former ambassador to costa rica francis j. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN before the subcommittee , the reagan administration knew that gen. noriega was involved with narcotics , but made a decision in the summer of 9999 `` to put gen. noriega on the shelf until nicaragua was settled . '' 
as the report issued by the subcommittee concluded , `` our government did nothing regarding gen. noriega 's drug business and substantial criminal involvement because the first priority was the contra war . 
this decision resulted in at least some drugs entering the united states as a hidden cost of the war . '' 
unfortunately , this problem continued even after gen. noriega 's indictment . 
throughout 9999 and this year , i and others in congress have pressed the u.s. to develop a plan for pushing this `` UNKNOWN '' out of panama . 
UNKNOWN , two UNKNOWN in a row have been UNKNOWN and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
sen. john UNKNOWN ( d. , mass . ) 
for vietnamese , these are tricky , often UNKNOWN , times . 
after years of UNKNOWN , economic and political reform was embraced at the end of 9999 , but ringing UNKNOWN have yet to be translated into much action . 
vietnam is finding that turning a UNKNOWN socialist order into a dynamic free market does n't come easy . 
here is how three vietnamese are UNKNOWN with change : 
the tire king 
nguyen van chan is living proof that old ways die hard . 
mr. chan used to be an UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN : a private entrepreneur . 
his business success made him an official target in UNKNOWN days . 
mr. chan , now 99 years old , invented a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN he and his family produced from plastic waste . 
later , he marketed UNKNOWN . 
both products were UNKNOWN popular . 
for his troubles , mr. chan was jailed three times between 9999 and 9999 . 
though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and UNKNOWN illegal materials . 
once he was held for three months without being charged . 
things were supposed to change when vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace , and for UNKNOWN they did . 
after years of UNKNOWN , mr. chan produced a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN tire that UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN rival . 
by 9999 , he was selling thousands of tires . 
newspapers published articles about him , and he was UNKNOWN as `` the tire king . '' 
his efforts earned a gold UNKNOWN at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities . 
district police in 9999 UNKNOWN on his suburban home , which he and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his . 
he produced it . 
`` that was the first time they lost and i won , '' he says . 
he was further questioned to determine if he was `` a real working man or an UNKNOWN . '' 
says mr. chan : `` when i showed it was from my own brain , they lost for the second time . '' 
but a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity , acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property . 
warned he was to be jailed again , he fled to the UNKNOWN . 
his family was given three hours to leave before the house and UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN . 
with only the clothes they were wearing , family members moved to a home owned by one of mr. chan 's sons . 
after six months on the run , mr. chan learned the order for his arrest had been canceled . 
he UNKNOWN his family in january 9999 and began the long struggle for justice , pressing everyone from UNKNOWN municipal officials to national assembly UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN of his rights . 
he and his family kept UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , selling fruit and doing odd jobs . 
mr. chan achieved a UNKNOWN in 9999 -- and became a minor UNKNOWN again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper . 
in 9999 , 99 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed UNKNOWN private enterprise , district authorities allowed mr. chan to resume work . 
by late last year he was invited back as `` the tire king '' to display his products at a national exhibition . 
national leaders stopped by his stand to UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN . 
mr. chan now produces 9,999 UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN tires a month and 9,999 UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the son 's small house . 
UNKNOWN people pack the house 's two rooms -- the UNKNOWN , four of their 99 children with UNKNOWN , and eight of 99 UNKNOWN . 
most UNKNOWN on the floor . 
come UNKNOWN , eight family members and two other workers UNKNOWN a sheet of raw rubber that covers the floor of the house and UNKNOWN out onto the street . 
the UNKNOWN operations also UNKNOWN out the back door into a small UNKNOWN , where an ancient press UNKNOWN rubber solution into a flat strip and newly made tires are UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN filled with water . 
mr. chan talks UNKNOWN of expanding , maybe even moving into the UNKNOWN field . 
first , however , he has UNKNOWN business . 
when district authorities allowed him to resume manufacturing , they released only one of his machines . 
they did n't return the rubber stocks that represent his capital . 
nor did they return his house and UNKNOWN , which he values at about $ 99,999 . 
he wants to recover more than just his property , though . 
`` i want my UNKNOWN back , '' he says . 
the editor 
nguyen ngoc seemed an obvious choice when the vietnamese writers association was looking for a new editor to reform its weekly newspaper , van UNKNOWN . 
after the sixth congress , journalists UNKNOWN the opportunity provided by the UNKNOWN to probe previously UNKNOWN subjects . 
mr. ngoc , 99 years old , had solid UNKNOWN credentials : he had lost his official position in the association in he early 9999s because he questioned the UNKNOWN of politics into literature . 
appointed editor in chief in july 9999 , mr. ngoc rapidly turned the UNKNOWN van UNKNOWN into vietnam 's hottest paper . 
circulation soared as the weekly went way beyond standard literary UNKNOWN to cover vietnamese society and its UNKNOWN . 
readers were UNKNOWN by the paper 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN by the dark side of life it uncovered . 
one article UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN struggle by a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to prove , officially , he was alive . 
another described how UNKNOWN officials in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN province one night UNKNOWN through homes and UNKNOWN rice from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the newspaper also ran a series of controversial short stories by nguyen UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a former history teacher , who UNKNOWN debate over his interpretation of vietnamese culture and took a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at writers who had blocked his entry into their official association . 
van UNKNOWN quickly made influential UNKNOWN . 
`` those who manage UNKNOWN and a large number of writers reacted badly '' to the UNKNOWN paper , says UNKNOWN nguyen an , a literary critic . 
after months of internal UNKNOWN , mr. ngoc was fired last december . 
his UNKNOWN triggered a UNKNOWN among UNKNOWN that continues today . 
`` under mr. ngoc , van UNKNOWN protected the people instead of the government , '' says nguyen UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN who is the paper 's bureau chief for southern vietnam . 
`` the paper reflected the truth . 
for the leadership , that was too UNKNOWN to bear . '' 
the ` billionaire ' 
nguyen thi thi is vietnam 's entrepreneur of the 9999s . 
her challenge is to keep her fledgling empire on top in the 9999s . 
mrs. thi did n't wait for the reforms to get her start . 
she charged ahead of the government and the law to establish UNKNOWN city food co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country . 
her success , which included UNKNOWN an urban food shortage in the early 9999s , helped persuade UNKNOWN to take the reform path . 
her story is becoming part of local UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN revolutionary with little education who fought both the french and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN regime , she switched UNKNOWN to commerce after the war . 
her UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN , despite her background . 
as she UNKNOWN over regulations , only her friendship with party leaders , including nguyen van UNKNOWN , then UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN city party secretary , kept her out of jail . 
following mr. UNKNOWN 's appointment as UNKNOWN of the party at the sixth congress , mrs. thi has become the UNKNOWN of `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' , the vietnamese version of UNKNOWN . 
the authorities have UNKNOWN foreign reporters to her office to see an example of `` the new way of thinking . '' 
foreign publications have responded with articles UNKNOWN her vietnam 's UNKNOWN woman . 
`` some people call me the communist billionaire , '' she has told visitors . 
actually , 99-year-old mrs. thi is about as poor as almost everyone else in this UNKNOWN land . 
she has indeed turned UNKNOWN city food into a UNKNOWN conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned . 
she manages it with the title of UNKNOWN . 
the heart of the business is the purchase of rice and other commodities , such as corn and coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer , farm tools and other items . 
last year , UNKNOWN city food says it bought two million metric tons of UNKNOWN rice , more than 99 % of the country 's output . 
the company operates a fleet of trucks and UNKNOWN to transport the commodities to its UNKNOWN . 
a subsidiary company UNKNOWN commodities into foods such as instant UNKNOWN that are sold with the rice through a vast retail network . 
in recent years , mrs. thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 99 % stake in newly established , partly private industrial and commercial bank , and setting up UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which owns and operates vietnam 's first oil refinery . 
mrs. thi says UNKNOWN city food last year increased pretax profit 99 % to the equivalent of about $ 9.9 million on sales of $ 999 million . 
she expects both revenue and profit to gain this year . 
she is almost UNKNOWN about the possibility vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf . 
`` i do n't mind the competition inside the country , '' she says . 
`` i am only afraid that with vietnam 's UNKNOWN products we ca n't compete with neighboring countries . 
the earthquake that hit the san francisco bay area is n't likely to result in wholesale UNKNOWN of bond ratings , officials at the two major rating agencies said . 
standard & poor 's corp. is reviewing debt issued by 99 california counties , and `` there are potential isolated problems , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a managing director . 
the agency is preparing a report , to be issued today , on the earthquake 's impact on the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN industry . 
the only securities so far to be singled out are those issued by bay view federal savings & loan . 
moody 's investors service inc. said it is reviewing , with an eye toward a possible UNKNOWN , the ratings on bay view federal bonds , long-term deposits and the UNKNOWN rating of its parent company , bay view capital corp . 
as for property and casualty insurers , moody 's said `` preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , '' but it `` raises concerns about potentially substantial risks '' UNKNOWN . 
`` losses from the earthquake are expected to be of similar magnitude to those of hurricane hugo , '' according to moody 's . 
your oct. 9 editorial `` a democratic tax cut '' contained an error . 
in the third UNKNOWN it referred to the senators seeking UNKNOWN suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy . 
among them , `` UNKNOWN farmers . '' 
the only significant commercial UNKNOWN farmers in the u.s. are in hawaii . 
the hawaii UNKNOWN industry association , to which nearly all of them belong , has no lobbyist . 
thomas v. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co . 
western digital corp. reported a net loss of $ 9.9 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended sept. 99 , citing factors as UNKNOWN as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar . 
in the year-ago period , the company earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 999 million . 
sales for the UNKNOWN period fell to about $ 999 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
nonetheless , chairman roger w. johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
`` we are UNKNOWN to come through , '' he said , noting that the company 's backlog was up from the previous quarter . 
in its second quarter last year , western digital earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 999.9 million . 
mr. johnson said western digital 's plant in puerto rico was affected by hurricane hugo , losing three days ' production because of the storm , which UNKNOWN much of the caribbean island 's infrastructure . 
although the plant itself was n't damaged , mr. johnson said millions of dollars in first-quarter revenue were lost . 
the revenue will be UNKNOWN in the current period , he added . 
there are no plans to UNKNOWN a common stock dividend , mr. johnson said , explaining that the board continues to believe shareholders are best served by UNKNOWN excess cash . 
mr. johnson said the first-quarter loss also heavily reflected a rapid change in graphics technology that left UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with too many of the old computer graphics boards and too few new monitors compatible with the new graphics boards . 
western digital does n't make the monitors . 
an accelerating move by personal computer manufacturers ' to include advanced graphics UNKNOWN as standard equipment further UNKNOWN UNKNOWN purchases of western digital 's equipment . 
`` the other areas of the business -- storage and UNKNOWN -- were very good , '' mr. johnson said . 
he said western digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , UNKNOWN , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units . 
other makers of video UNKNOWN equipment also were caught in the UNKNOWN shift , he said , `` but we were able to respond much more quickly . '' 
still , mr. johnson said , `` our stock is UNKNOWN undervalued . '' 
he said the company has cut operating expenses by about 99 % over the last few quarters , while maintaining research and development at about 9 % to 9 % of sales . 
as part of its reorganization this week , western digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers and disk drives ; and UNKNOWN products , which include graphics , communications and UNKNOWN control chips . 
graphics , communications and UNKNOWN control chips were combined because , increasingly , multiple functions are being UNKNOWN by a single chip . 
storage , which includes computer controllers and UNKNOWN disk drives , represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business . 
disk drives , which allow a computer to access its memory , generated 99 % more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier . 
computer parts are getting ever smaller , mr. johnson said , a shrinking that has UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into position as the fastest-growing segment of the computer business . 
as smaller and more powerful computers continue to be the focus of the industry , he said , western digital is strengthening development of laptop parts . 
next year western digital plans to consolidate its operations from 99 buildings in UNKNOWN into two buildings in the same city a new headquarters and , a block away , a modern $ 999 million silicon UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plant . 
the plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with at&t . 
about half of western digital 's business is overseas , and mr. johnson expects that proportion to continue . 
plans to UNKNOWN many of the trade barriers within europe in 9999 creates significant opportunities for the company , he said , particularly since western digital already UNKNOWN there . 
UNKNOWN on that presence , western digital is launching a major effort to develop the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN market in europe . 
directors of state-owned UNKNOWN UNKNOWN del UNKNOWN approved a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN transaction and a change in the bank 's rules that will help it operate more like a private-sector institution . 
until now , UNKNOWN 's top managers and its directors have been appointed by a treasury UNKNOWN . 
but under the bank 's proposed UNKNOWN , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members . 
the bank 's chairman and director general , who also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the treasury . 
UNKNOWN , which is controlled by the italian treasury , was UNKNOWN by the disclosure last month that its atlanta branch extended more than $ 9 billion in unauthorized credits to UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN scandal , in which the bank 's management resigned , has helped renew calls for privatization , or at least an overhaul , of italy 's banking system , which is about 99 % UNKNOWN . 
in a related move , the bank also proposed that board UNKNOWN be linked more closely to the bank 's new UNKNOWN structure . 
UNKNOWN called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in december to vote on the proposals . 
UNKNOWN has about 99,999 UNKNOWN shares that are listed on the milan stock exchange . 
the shares were suspended from trading following disclosure of the atlanta scandal ; UNKNOWN , the stock exchange regulatory body , reportedly will decide soon whether to end the trading suspension . 
switzerland 's wholesale price index increased 9.9 % in september from august , and was up 9.9 % from a year ago , marking the first time this year that the index has fallen below 9 % on a year-to-year basis , the government reported . 
the government attributed the 9.9 % UNKNOWN rise in the index largely to higher energy prices . 
in august , the index was up 9.9 % from the previous month , and was up 9.9 % on a year-to-year basis . 
the wholesale price index , based on 9999 as 999 , was 999.9 in september . 
american express co. posted a 99 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for third world loans at its banking unit . 
aided by a sharp gain in its travel business , american express said net rose to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
the year-earlier figures included $ 9.9 million , or three cents a share , in income from discontinued operations . 
income from continuing operations was up 99 % . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 999 million to reserves for credit losses at its american express bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 999 million as of sept. 99 . 
the bank 's third world debt portfolio totals $ 999 million , down from $ 9.9 billion at the end of 9999 . 
the bank charged off $ 99 million in loans during the quarter . 
at the american express travel related services co. unit , net rose 99 % to a record $ 999.9 million on a 99 % revenue increase . 
the figures exclude businesses now organized as american express information services co . 
american express card charge volume rose 99 % . 
travel sales rose 99 % , led by gains in the u.s. . 
at UNKNOWN financial services , the financial planning and mutual fund unit , net rose 99 % to a record $ 99.9 million on a 99 % revenue gain . 
assets owned or managed rose 99 % to $ 99 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 99 % in the quarter to $ 999 million . 
american express bank earnings fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million despite a 99 % revenue gain . 
the results include $ 999 million of tax benefits associated with previous years ' third world loan activity , compared with $ 99 million a year earlier . 
profit rose 99 % at american express information services to $ 99.9 million . 
shearson lehman hutton holdings inc. , as previously reported , had net of $ 99.9 million , UNKNOWN a $ 9.9 million loss a year earlier ; its latest results include a $ 99 million gain from the sale of an institutional money management business . 
american express 's share of shearson 's earnings was $ 99 million , after preferred stock dividends ; it owns about 99 % of shearson 's common . 
for the nine months , american express said net rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN inc. , hampered by a slowdown in its defense sales , reported an 9 % decline in per-share earnings on nearly flat revenue for its third quarter . 
the aerospace and financial services concern said net income fell 9 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
revenue of $ 9.99 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 9.99 billion . 
per-share net of 99 cents , down from 99 cents , fell by more than overall net because of more shares outstanding . 
the company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were UNKNOWN by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its UNKNOWN sector and soft automotive markets . 
net was aided by a lower income tax rate . 
profit before taxes fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
for the nine months , UNKNOWN reported net of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on revenue of $ 9.99 billion . 
a year ago , net was $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on revenue of $ 9.9 billion . 
the nine-month results included a $ 9.9 million special charge in 9999 for an UNKNOWN settlement related to past export sales , and $ 99.9 million in extraordinary charges in 9999 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt . 
UNKNOWN said that UNKNOWN ' results do n't include earnings of UNKNOWN plc , a british maker of industrial UNKNOWN , but do include interest costs of $ 99.9 million on borrowings related to the proposed purchase of UNKNOWN . 
a federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of federal trade commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of UNKNOWN . 
for the quarter , UNKNOWN said aerospace revenue , including bell UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN manufacture , declined 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million , an indication of slowing government defense work . 
as the hunt brothers ' personal bankruptcy cases UNKNOWN into their second year , minpeco s.a. has proposed a deal to settle its huge claim against the troubled texas oil men . 
but the plan only UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases that were filed in september 9999 . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN concern 's $ 999 million claim stems from 9999 jury award in a case stemming from the brothers ' alleged attempts to corner the 9999-99 silver market . 
minpeco now says it is willing to settle for up to $ 99.9 million from each brother , although the actual amount would probably be much less . 
although the proposal must be approved by federal judge harold c. UNKNOWN , w. herbert hunt has agreed to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN concern 's proposal . 
nelson UNKNOWN hunt is considering it , although his attorney says he wo n't do it if the proposal UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN settlement he has reached with the internal revenue service , which claims the brothers UNKNOWN $ 9 billion in back taxes and is by far the biggest creditor in both cases . 
the UNKNOWN agreement between the irs and nelson UNKNOWN hunt is awaiting u.s. justice department approval . 
under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the irs getting 99 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including minpeco and manufacturers hanover trust co. , which is seeking UNKNOWN of a $ 99 million loan . 
a UNKNOWN proposal has been made in the w. herbert hunt case although he and the irs are at odds over the size of the UNKNOWN debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings . 
in both cases , minpeco and manufacturers hanover have been fighting UNKNOWN over their shares of the pie . 
with support from the irs , manufacturers hanover has filed suit asking judge UNKNOWN to subordinate minpeco 's claim to those of manufacturer hanover and the irs . 
minpeco has threatened a `` UNKNOWN '' of litigation if the manufacturers hanover corp. unit attempts to force such a plan through the court . 
minpeco said it would n't pursue such litigation if its settlement plan in the w. herbert hunt case is approved by judge UNKNOWN , who will consider the proposal at a hearing next week . 
minpeco attorney thomas UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the w. herbert hunt case but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , attorney for manufacturers hanover , called it `` UNKNOWN '' and said he would fight it in court . 
`` the thing is so fluid right now that there 's really no way to say what will happen , '' says justice department attorney UNKNOWN UNKNOWN iii , who represents the irs in the case . 
`` developments like this are hard to predict . 
banc one corp. said it agreed in principle to buy five branch offices from UNKNOWN inc. , toledo , ohio , following the planned merger of UNKNOWN into society corp. , cleveland . 
the five offices in UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN counties in northern ohio have total assets of about $ 99 million , banc one said . 
the purchase price will be established after banc one has an opportunity to study the quality of the assets , banc one said . 
society corp. already has branches in the area , and selling the UNKNOWN offices could avoid a problem with regulators over excessive UNKNOWN of banking in the two counties after the merger of UNKNOWN into society , according to industry sources . 
the merger is scheduled to take place in the 9999 first quarter . 
stock-market fears and relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets up $ 9.99 billion in the latest week , the UNKNOWN increase in almost two years . 
the 999 funds tracked by the investment company institute , a UNKNOWN trade group , rose to $ 999.9 billion , a record . 
the $ 9.99 billion increase was the strongest weekly UNKNOWN since january 9999 . 
the increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds . 
individual investors , represented in the UNKNOWN and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last friday and put the money into funds , said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice president and chief economist of the institute . 
`` UNKNOWN investors , on the other hand , reacted to the steep decline in yields on direct money-market instruments following the stock-market decline last friday , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
yields on money funds dropped in the week ended tuesday , according to donoghue 's money fund report , a UNKNOWN , mass. , newsletter . 
the average seven-day UNKNOWN yield fell to 9.99 % from 9.99 % the week earlier , donoghue 's said . 
at the auction of six-month u.s. treasury bills on monday , the average yield fell to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
likewise , certificates of deposit on average posted lower yields in the week ended tuesday . 
the 999 UNKNOWN money funds rose $ 9.99 billion to $ 99.99 billion . 
the 999 UNKNOWN funds increased $ 9.99 billion to $ 999.99 billion , while 99 broker-dealer funds increased $ 9.9 billion to $ 999.99 billion . 
domestic lending for real estate and property development was the source of bank bumiputra malaysia UNKNOWN 's most recent UNKNOWN of financial troubles , the institution 's executive chairman , UNKNOWN basir UNKNOWN , said . 
speaking to reporters this week after bank bumiputra 's shareholders approved a rescue plan , tan sri basir said heavy lending to the property sector UNKNOWN the bank when property prices in malaysia plummeted in 9999-99 . 
he said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans . 
so the bank 's board decided to make 9.99 billion UNKNOWN dollars ( us$ 999 million ) in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to UNKNOWN the bank 's UNKNOWN capital . 
the UNKNOWN , he added , was similar to the hong kong 9999-99 UNKNOWN collapse , which exposed the involvement of bank bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in malaysia 's history . 
the subsidiary , bumiputra malaysia finance ltd. , was left with m$ 9.99 billion in bad loans made to hong kong property speculators . 
both episodes wiped out bank bumiputra 's shareholders ' funds . 
each time , the bank 's 99 % shareholder -- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , or UNKNOWN , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution . 
in five years , UNKNOWN , which became the dominant shareholder in a 9999 rescue exercise , has spent about m$ 9.9 billion to UNKNOWN up the troubled bank . 
tan sri basir said the capital restructuring plan has been approved by malaysia 's capital issues committee and central bank . 
malaysia 's high court is expected to approve the plan . 
once the plan is approved , tan sri basir said , most of bank bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between m$ 999 million and m$ 999 million for the fiscal year ending march 99 . 
for the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of m$ 999 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
malaysia 's banking UNKNOWN act UNKNOWN the bank from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN borrowers , said tan sri basir . 
but public documents indicate 99 % or more of the bank 's provisions were made for UNKNOWN interest on a m$ 999 million loan to malaysia 's dominant political party , the united UNKNOWN national organization , to build its convention and headquarters complex in kuala lumpur . 
the loan to UNKNOWN was made in september 9999 . 
`` we lent a lot of money all over the place , '' said tan sri basir , who refused to discuss the bank 's outstanding loans to 
as well as the m$ 9.99 billion in provisions announced on oct. 9 , the restructuring package covers an additional m$ 999 million in provisions made in earlier years but never reflected in a reduction of the bank 's UNKNOWN capital . 
at the end of the exercise , the cash UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN will increase the bank 's UNKNOWN capital to m$ 9.99 billion after virtually being wiped out by the new provisions . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN might have stepped from a recruiting UNKNOWN for young republicans . 
white , 99 years old , a singer in her church UNKNOWN , she UNKNOWN a generation that gave its heart and its vote to ronald reagan . 
`` i felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
no longer . 
when the supreme court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion , ms. UNKNOWN opened her mind to democratic politics . 
then a political UNKNOWN , she stepped into a UNKNOWN of `` pro-choice '' UNKNOWN , house parties and UNKNOWN . 
now she leads a UNKNOWN abortion-rights campaign in UNKNOWN county for pro-choice democratic gubernatorial candidate james florio . 
`` this is one where i cross party lines , '' she says , UNKNOWN the anti-abortion stance of rep. florio 's opponent , UNKNOWN rep. james courter . 
`` people my age thought it was n't going to be an issue . 
now it has -- especially for people my age . '' 
polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for mr. courter . 
unless he closes the gap , republicans risk losing not only the UNKNOWN but also the assembly next month . 
going into the 9999s , the gop is paying a price for the same conservative social agenda that it used to UNKNOWN democrats in the past . 
this change comes less from a shift in public opinion , which has n't changed much on abortion over the past decade , than in the UNKNOWN of the debate . 
new jersey 's own highest court remains a liberal UNKNOWN against major restrictions on abortion , but the u.s. supreme court ruling , webster vs. missouri , has engaged voters across the nation who had been UNKNOWN from the issue . 
before july , pro-choice voters could UNKNOWN make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion . 
now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new UNKNOWN , bringing an UNKNOWN in political activity by abortion-rights forces . 
a recent pro-choice rally in UNKNOWN drew thousands , and in a major reversal , congress is UNKNOWN a presidential veto and demanding that medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest . 
`` if webster had n't happened , you would n't be here , '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN tells a reporter in the UNKNOWN office of the national organization for women . 
`` we could have UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN about courter ... and no one would have heard us . '' 
new jersey is a proving ground for this aggressive UNKNOWN movement this year . 
the UNKNOWN of activists can bring a clash of UNKNOWN . 
in cherry hill , the national abortion rights action league , whose goal is to sign up 99,999 pro-choice voters , targets a union UNKNOWN to build labor support for its cause . 
the league UNKNOWN seem more a fit with a convention next door of young UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN than the UNKNOWN union leaders ; `` i wish i could go work out , '' says a slim activist . 
a labor chief speaks UNKNOWN of having to `` man and woman '' election day phones . 
no age group is more sensitive than younger voters , like ms. UNKNOWN . 
a year ago this fall , new jersey voters under 99 favored george bush by 99 % to 99 % over michael UNKNOWN , according to a survey then by UNKNOWN university 's UNKNOWN institute . 
a matching UNKNOWN star UNKNOWN poll last month showed a complete reversal . 
voters in the same age group backed democrat florio 99 % to 99 % over republican courter . 
abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but new jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a UNKNOWN of sorts in judging a candidate . 
by a UNKNOWN ratio , voters appear more at ease with mr. florio 's stance on abortion , and polls indicate his lead widens when the candidates are specifically linked to the issue . 
`` the times are my times , '' says mr. florio . 
the camden county congressman still carries himself with a UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' intensity , but at a UNKNOWN in newark 's columbus day UNKNOWN recently , he was UNKNOWN with his wife in the middle of the avenue in the city 's old UNKNOWN ward . 
after losing by fewer than 9,999 votes in the 9999 governor 's race , he has prepared himself UNKNOWN for this moment , including deciding in recent years he could no longer support curbs on federal funding for medicaid abortions . 
`` if you 're going to be UNKNOWN and say it is a UNKNOWN protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? '' 
mr. courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident UNKNOWN who defended oliver north before national cameras at iran-contra hearings two years ago . 
looking back , he says he UNKNOWN by stating his `` personal '' opposition to abortion instead of UNKNOWN voters that he would n't impose his views on `` policy '' as governor . 
it is a UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN neither side in the debate . 
`` he does n't know himself , '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the abortion rights league says of mr. courter 's position . 
even abortion opponents , however angry with mr. florio , ca n't hide their frustration with the republican 's UNKNOWN . 
`` he does n't want to lead the people , '' says richard UNKNOWN , president of new jersey right to life . 
moreover , by stepping outside the state 's pro-choice tradition , mr. courter UNKNOWN fears that he is too conservative as well on more pressing concerns such as auto insurance rates and the environment . 
he hurt himself further this summer by bringing homosexual issues into the debate ; and by UNKNOWN on this issue and abortion , he has weakened his credibility in what is already a UNKNOWN campaign on both sides . 
elected to congress in 9999 , the 99-year-old mr. courter is part of a generation of young UNKNOWN who were once very much in the lead of the UNKNOWN shift under mr. reagan . 
like many of his colleagues , he did n't serve in vietnam in the 9999s yet embraced a UNKNOWN defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 9999 resolution critical of the u.s. mining of UNKNOWN harbors . 
jack kemp and the writers UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and george UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN , and mr. courter 's own conservative credentials proved useful to the current new jersey gop governor , thomas kean , in the 9999 republican primary here . 
the same partnership is now crucial to mr. courter 's fortunes , but the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record and that of the more moderate , pro-choice gov. kean . 
while the warren county congressman pursued an UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN agenda in washington , gov. kean was UNKNOWN increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of new jersey 's budget in his eight years in office . 
kean forces play down any differences with mr. courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
mr. courter 's free-market plan to bring down auto insurance rates met criticism from gov. kean 's own insurance commissioner . 
mr. courter is further UNKNOWN by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers . 
UNKNOWN in spanish from his days in the peace corps , mr. courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head . 
he is warm and UNKNOWN before a puerto rican congress in UNKNOWN park . 
yet minutes after promising to UNKNOWN hispanics to high posts in state government , he is unable to say whether he has ever employed any in his congressional office . 
`` i do n't think we do now , '' he says . 
`` i think we did . '' 
asked the same question after his appearance , democrat florio UNKNOWN a staff member by name and explains her UNKNOWN today . 
when he is presented with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the organization 's 99th anniversary , he UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN of one of the UNKNOWN and recalls time spent together in camden . 
details and camden are essential florio . 
elected to congress as a `` UNKNOWN baby '' in 9999 , he ran for governor three years later . 
in the opinion of many , he has n't stopped running since , even though he declined a UNKNOWN with gov. kean in 9999 . 
his base in south jersey and on the house energy and commerce committee helped him sustain a network of UNKNOWN committees to preserve his edge . 
with limited budgets for television in a high-priced market , mr. florio 's higher recognition than his rival is a major advantage . 
more than ever , his UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN record is in UNKNOWN with the state . 
auto insurance rates are soaring . 
a UNKNOWN fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer . 
in UNKNOWN , an important swing area , republican UNKNOWN now run on a UNKNOWN promising to keep the county `` clean and green . '' 
mr. florio UNKNOWN this UNKNOWN , but at age 99 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses . 
he speaks for the death penalty as if reading from exodus 99 ; to increase state revenue he UNKNOWN not on `` taxes '' but on `` UNKNOWN '' to cut waste . 
UNKNOWN consultants match ads with mr. courter 's team , and mr. florio UNKNOWN himself as the lean , mean democratic fighting machine of the 9999s . 
appealing to a young audience , he UNKNOWN an old reference to UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN and instead UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN dead . 
the UNKNOWN chosen -- `` long UNKNOWN night '' -- may be an apt UNKNOWN to television spots by both candidates intended to UNKNOWN each other as a UNKNOWN . 
the democratic UNKNOWN fits a pattern of younger reformers arising out of old machines , but his ties to camden remain a UNKNOWN point because of the county 's past corruption . 
his campaign UNKNOWN is chosen from elsewhere in the state , and faced with criticism of a UNKNOWN bank investment , he has so far UNKNOWN the issue by UNKNOWN the bulk of his profits to his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN state college . 
mr. florio 's UNKNOWN on the abortion issue after the webster ruling UNKNOWN some of his old constituency . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an unlikely but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN major in an UNKNOWN county UNKNOWN UNKNOWN band , speaks UNKNOWN of mr. florio . 
`` i am a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , a 99-year-old health officer . 
`` i ca n't support him because of abortion . '' 
bill UNKNOWN sr. , 99 , is UNKNOWN too , but UNKNOWN by mr. florio 's stand on abortion . 
a security guard at a cargo UNKNOWN , he wears a sons of italy UNKNOWN and cap UNKNOWN `` the us 9 band . '' 
`` i still think the woman has the right to do with her body as she UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
`` if you want more opinions ask my wife . 
she has lots of opinions . 
consumer prices rose a surprisingly moderate 9.9 % in september , pushed up mostly by a jump in clothing costs , the labor department reported . 
energy costs , which drove wholesale prices up sharply during the month , continued to decline at the retail level , pulling down transportation and helping to ease housing costs . 
the report was the UNKNOWN news the financial markets had seen since before the stock market plunged more than 999 points last friday . 
the dow jones industrial average rallied on the news , closing 99.99 points higher at 9999.99 . 
bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall . 
but many economists were not nearly as UNKNOWN . 
the climb in wholesale energy prices is certain to push up retail energy prices in the next few months , they warned . 
they also said the dollar is UNKNOWN off after a rise this summer that helped to reduce the prices of imported goods . 
`` i think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said joel UNKNOWN , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
`` it has been in what i would describe as a UNKNOWN for the past several months . '' 
`` we 've had UNKNOWN declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said jay UNKNOWN , chief domestic economist at bankers trust co. in new york . 
because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 9.9 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too . 
as a result , many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did . 
but retail energy prices declined 9.9 % in september . 
though analysts say competition will probably hold down increases in retail energy prices , many expect some of the wholesale rise to be passed along to the consumer before the end of the year . 
still , some analysts insisted that the worst of the inflation is behind . 
`` it increasingly appears that 9999-99 was a temporary inflation UNKNOWN and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , '' argued edward UNKNOWN , chief economist at prudential-bache securities inc. in new york . 
in both 9999 and 9999 , consumer prices rose 9.9 % . 
a UNKNOWN in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 9.9 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 9.9 % . 
mr. UNKNOWN predicted that world business competition will continue to UNKNOWN prices . 
`` the bottom line is , it seems to me that the economic environment has become very , very UNKNOWN for a lot of businesses , '' he said . 
`` back in 9999-99 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . '' 
now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has UNKNOWN demand . 
the UNKNOWN inflation figures renewed investors ' hopes that the federal reserve will ease its interest-rate stance . 
the steep climb in producer prices reported last friday UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 9.9 % plunge that day . 
in the past several days , however , the u.s. 's central bank has allowed a key interest rate to fall slightly to try to stabilize the markets . 
analysts say fed policy makers have been wary of UNKNOWN credit too much because they were still uncertain about the level of inflation in the economy . 
excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 9.9 % in september . 
transportation costs actually fell 9.9 % , and housing costs gained only 9.9 % . 
apparel prices UNKNOWN up 9.9 % , but that was after three months of declines . 
medical costs continued their steep UNKNOWN , rising 9.9 % after four consecutive months of 9.9 % increases . 
car prices , another area that contributed to the steep rise in the wholesale index last month , still showed declines at the consumer level . 
they dropped 9.9 % as dealers continued to offer rebates to attract customers . 
food prices rose 9.9 % for the second month in a row , far slower than the monthly rises earlier in the year . 
separately , the labor department reported that average weekly earnings rose 9.9 % in september , after adjusting for inflation , following a 9.9 % decline in august . 
all the numbers are adjusted for seasonal fluctuations . 
here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components of the labor department 's consumer price index for september . 
after watching interest in the sport UNKNOWN for years , the ski industry is trying to give itself a lift . 
across the country , resorts are using everything from UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to attract new customers . 
some have built health UNKNOWN , business centers and shopping UNKNOWN so visitors have more to do than ski . 
and this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time when it UNKNOWN a $ 9 million advertising campaign . 
such efforts -- UNKNOWN of only a few years ago -- are the latest attempts to revive the sagging $ 9.99 billion u.s. ski industry . 
since the start of the decade , UNKNOWN sales have grown only 9 % a year on average , compared with 99 % annual growth rates in the '99s and '99s . 
last season , UNKNOWN sales fell for the first time in seven years . 
by some estimates , nearly a fourth of all u.s. ski areas have been forced to shut down since the early '99s . 
competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the UNKNOWN of many resorts . 
but another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers . 
skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and UNKNOWN and many baby boomers have UNKNOWN skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport . 
in its new ad campaign , created by d'arcy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc. , chicago , the ski industry is trying to change its image as a sport primarily for young white people . 
one UNKNOWN tv spot features a diverse group of skiers UNKNOWN UNKNOWN down UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` ski school is great , '' UNKNOWN out a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN as he UNKNOWN down a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` you 'll never know UNKNOWN you try , '' says a black UNKNOWN . 
`` we used to show some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in his UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN going over the edge of a UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a spokeswoman for the united ski industries association , the trade group UNKNOWN the campaign . 
ski promotions have traditionally avoided the UNKNOWN issue of safety . 
but the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman UNKNOWN as she tries to get up from a fall . 
`` we wanted to show it 's UNKNOWN if you fall , '' says ms. UNKNOWN . 
`` most people think if you slip , you 'll wind up in a body cast . '' 
the ad campaign represents an unusual spirit of cooperation among resorts and ski equipment makers ; normally , they only run ads UNKNOWN their own products and facilities . 
but in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts , such as the UNKNOWN fire , red river and UNKNOWN ski areas in new mexico , have even started UNKNOWN skiers to each other 's UNKNOWN and next year plan to sell tickets good for all local UNKNOWN . 
many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
since 99 % of skiers are parents , many UNKNOWN are building UNKNOWN , expanding ski schools and adding entertainment for kids . 
UNKNOWN , colo. , now has a UNKNOWN that looks like an old mining town ; kids can ski through and pan for UNKNOWN 's gold . 
for $ 99 , they can enjoy their own UNKNOWN entertainment , with dinner , without mom and UNKNOWN . 
a few years ago , parents usually had to hire a UNKNOWN or take turns skiing while one UNKNOWN stayed with the children . 
`` most parents who had to go through that never came back , '' says michael shannon , president of UNKNOWN associates inc. , which owns and operates the UNKNOWN and nearby UNKNOWN creek resorts . 
to make skiing more UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies . 
in one phone call , ski UNKNOWN can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for UNKNOWN . 
and resorts are adding other UNKNOWN , such as UNKNOWN restaurants , health UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN packages with a twist . 
during winter carnival week , for example , visitors at sunday river in maine can take a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ride . 
`` people these days want something else to do besides ski and sit in the bar , '' says don UNKNOWN , executive director of UNKNOWN fire , n.m. 's chamber of commerce . 
the ski industry hopes to increase the number of skiers by 9.9 million to about 99.9 million in the next five years with its latest ads and promotions . 
but some think that 's being UNKNOWN optimistic . 
for one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 99 a day and equipment prices are rising . 
and most UNKNOWN still prefer a warm climate for their winter UNKNOWN . 
an american express co. survey of its travel agents UNKNOWN that only 99 % believe their clients will pick a trip this winter based on the availability of winter sports , as opposed to 99 % who think that UNKNOWN sports will be the deciding factor . 
`` even if they could bring in that many new skiers , i do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says i. william berry , editor and publisher of the ski industry letter in UNKNOWN , n.y . 
`` most people will come on the weekend , the UNKNOWN will be UNKNOWN and then these { new skiers } wo n't come back . 
they did n't play the third game of the world series on tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on wednesday or thursday either . 
but you knew that , did n't you ? 
they are supposed to play the game next tuesday , in candlestick park here . 
the theory is that the stadium , damaged by tuesday 's earthquake , will be UNKNOWN by then , and that people will be able to get there . 
like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
aftershocks could UNKNOWN . 
but , at least , the law of averages should have UNKNOWN to the favorable side . 
it may seem UNKNOWN to worry about the world series amid the destruction to the bay area UNKNOWN by tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` on sports , '' so i feel UNKNOWN to do so . 
you might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of UNKNOWN that had gathered at candlestick at 9:99 p.m. tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck . 
as soon as the tremor passed , many people UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , as though it had been a novel kind of UNKNOWN show . 
one UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN several rows in front of the open , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN press section where i was UNKNOWN , faced the assembled UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , `` we arranged that just for you guys ! '' 
i thought and , i 'm sure , others did : `` you should n't have UNKNOWN . '' 
i 'd UNKNOWN through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a UNKNOWN 99 or so UNKNOWN ago near UNKNOWN city , mich. , so i was UNKNOWN for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them . 
perhaps UNKNOWN by the daily diet of radio and tv reporters UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into people 's faces and asking how they `` feel '' about one UNKNOWN or another , fellow reporters and UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN my press UNKNOWN were eager to UNKNOWN . 
`` it felt like i was on a station platform and a train went by , '' said one man , UNKNOWN my own reaction . 
a women said she saw the park 's light standards UNKNOWN . 
a man said he saw the upper UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
i saw neither . 
UNKNOWN of good sense to the contrary not UNKNOWN , the general UNKNOWN was to believe that the UNKNOWN would be brief and that ball would be played . 
`` i was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel UNKNOWN UNKNOWN six feet from where i sat , but i stayed put for 99 or 99 minutes , '' UNKNOWN a friend . 
`` i guess i thought , ` this is the world series and i 'm not UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN out ! ' '' 
here in the global village , though , folks do not stay UNKNOWN for long . 
electrical power was out in UNKNOWN candlestick park , but battery-operated UNKNOWN and television sets were UNKNOWN . 
within a few minutes , the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear . 
its richter scale UNKNOWN was reported as 9.9 , then 9.9 , then 9.9 . 
a section of the bay bridge had collapsed , as had a part of interstate highway 999 in oakland . 
people had died . 
at 9:99 p.m. , scheduled game time having passed , some fans UNKNOWN `` let 's play ball . '' 
no longer innocent , they UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN . 
the stadium was ordered UNKNOWN soon afterward ; the announcement , made over police UNKNOWN , cited the power UNKNOWN , but it later was UNKNOWN that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend . 
outside , i spotted two young men UNKNOWN blocks of concrete . 
`` pieces of candlestick , '' they said . 
the crowd remained good UNKNOWN , even UNKNOWN . 
tv reporters interviewed fans in the parking lots while , a few feet away , others watched the interviews on their UNKNOWN tvs . 
the only frenzy i saw was commercial : UNKNOWN selling world series UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and dated UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items . 
the traffic UNKNOWN out of the park was UNKNOWN . 
it took me a half-hour to move 99 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an UNKNOWN , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a UNKNOWN away . 
the UNKNOWN trip to my airport hotel that had taken 99 minutes earlier in the day took more than three hours . 
at my hotel , the UNKNOWN , power was out , some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else . 
with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a hotel across the street , the UNKNOWN , had been hit harder : a large sheet of its concrete UNKNOWN and several window UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN away . 
the UNKNOWN staff had , UNKNOWN , set out UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN , prepared a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and passed around UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
i fell UNKNOWN on the lobby floor , next to a man wearing a chicago UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
i expected him to say , `` i told you so , '' but he already was UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN consensus was that the earthquake made the world series seem UNKNOWN . 
my response was that sports rarely are important , only UNKNOWN , and the quake merely UNKNOWN that fact . 
should the rest of the series be played at all ? 
sure . 
the quake and baseball were n't related , unlike the massacre of UNKNOWN that attended the 9999 olympics . 
that heavily UNKNOWN event learned nothing from the UNKNOWN experience , and seems UNKNOWN to repeat it . 
two UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
this has been widely dubbed the bart series , after the local UNKNOWN line , and the bay bridge series . 
UNKNOWN fly at UNKNOWN for the death of bart UNKNOWN , the late baseball commissioner , and now the bay bridge lies in UNKNOWN . 
a series that was UNKNOWN up as the UNKNOWN since the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN diego go of 9999 has become UNKNOWN in the least UNKNOWN way . 
still , its edge is lost . 
it now will be played mostly for the record , and should be UNKNOWN up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days . 
and i will never again complain about a UNKNOWN . 
the disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at campeau corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing UNKNOWN takeovers . 
but two big new york banks seem to have kicked those chances away , for the moment , with the embarrassing failure of citicorp and chase manhattan corp. to deliver $ 9.9 billion in bank financing for a leveraged buy-out of united airlines parent ual corp . 
for more than a decade , banks have been pressing congress and banking regulators for expanded powers to act like securities firms in playing wall street 's lucrative takeover game , from giving mergers advice all the way to selling and trading high-yield junk bonds . 
those expanded powers reached their zenith in july when bankers trust new york corp. provided mergers advice , an equity investment and bank loans for the $ 9.99 billion leveraged buy-out of northwest airlines parent nwa inc . 
one of the major selling points used by los angeles financier alfred UNKNOWN in getting the takeover approved was that the deal did n't include any junk bonds . 
that was seen as an advantage in lobbying airline employees and washington regulators for approval of the contested takeover . 
all $ 9.99 billion in debt for the deal was supplied by banks . 
charles UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of mergers and acquisitions at salomon brothers inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their UNKNOWN business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
but the ual collapse , he says , `` may tell you it 's not going to work that easily . '' 
david UNKNOWN , a mergers adviser in la UNKNOWN , calif. , who aided los angeles investor marvin davis on the bids which put both ual and nwa in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN says that in the past , banks would normally have UNKNOWN 99 % of a total buy-out price , with the loans secured by the target company 's assets . 
another 99 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale to investors of junk bonds , which offer less security and typically carry higher yields than bank loans . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's purchase of nwa , mr. UNKNOWN notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 99 % of the purchase price . 
but mr. UNKNOWN says that citicorp 's `` failure to deliver '' on its promise to raise the ual bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group `` is very UNKNOWN to potential users of a ` UNKNOWN ' letter from commercial banks . '' 
his client , mr. davis , used just such a letter from citicorp in pursuing ual ; citicorp later agreed to work with a competing ual buy-out group . 
executives of citicorp and chase manhattan declined to comment on either the ual situation , or on the changing nature of banks ' role in financing takeovers . 
in the wake of campeau 's problems , prices of junk bonds tumbled , throwing into doubt the ability of corporate UNKNOWN to finance large takeovers with the help of junk bond sales . 
mark UNKNOWN , senior managing director at manufacturers hanover trust co. , says the UNKNOWN in junk bonds may yet open new business opportunities to banks in UNKNOWN takeovers . 
but he warns that banks will have `` to have enough discipline '' not to make loans that are too risky . 
in fact , manufacturers hanover said in its third-quarter earnings report that fees from UNKNOWN loans to other banks dropped 99 % , to $ 99 million . 
`` we did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman . 
james b. lee , head of UNKNOWN and private UNKNOWN at chemical banking corp. , said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of UNKNOWN shopping for takeover finance . 
as evidence , he cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 9 billion bid for american medical international inc. in which chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor . 
beyond the current weakness in the junk bond market , banks have another advantage over investment banks in financing contested takeovers . 
arthur UNKNOWN jr. , a takeover lawyer at fried frank harris UNKNOWN & jacobson , notes that `` a political and emotional bias '' has developed against junk bonds . 
one hostile bidder who UNKNOWN avoided using junk bonds was paramount communications inc. in its initial offer to acquire time inc. for $ 99.9 billion , or $ 999 a share . 
a paramount spokesman says that decision was based on the financial , not political , drawbacks of junk bonds . 
but some observers believe paramount chairman martin davis wanted to avoid the possible UNKNOWN of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for time . 
in the end , mr. davis used junk bonds so that he could raise paramount 's bid to $ 999 a share . 
some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said the initial lower bid , without junk bonds , was a factor in his losing the company . 
time UNKNOWN paramount by acquiring warner communications inc . 
the success of the nwa financing , and the failure of the ual deal , also seem to highlight the important new role in takeover financing being played by japanese banks . 
japanese banks accounted for 99 % of the nwa bank debt , according to a report by transportation secretary samuel skinner . 
but it was UNKNOWN rejection by japanese banks that helped seal the fate of the attempt to buy ual . 
citicorp and chase are attempting to put together a new , lower bid . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief economist of the institute for financial affairs inc. , a tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , `` the junk bond market became very UNKNOWN , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of lbo companies . 
UNKNOWN inc. filed suit in federal court here , UNKNOWN that a group that holds 9.9 % of its stock made `` false , deceptive and misleading '' statements in recent regulatory filings and public announcements . 
UNKNOWN 's complaint claims that the group , led by investor malcolm i. glazer , violated securities laws by failing to disclose plans to purchase 99 % of the company 's shares outstanding and that when the required UNKNOWN filing eventually was made , it did n't disclose the group 's alleged earlier violation of the so-called UNKNOWN requirements of the law . 
mr. glazer could n't immediately be reached to comment . 
but when UNKNOWN last week publicly questioned the UNKNOWN of the group 's filing procedures , the rochester , n.y. , investor said `` we UNKNOWN with every law , '' and he denied any wrongdoing . 
the glazer group said in a securities and exchange commission filing in early october that it may seek a controlling interest in UNKNOWN , or seek UNKNOWN on the company 's board . 
UNKNOWN has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the glazer group or any other party . 
inland steel industries inc. , battered by lower volume and higher costs , posted a 99 % drop in third-quarter earnings . 
the nation 's UNKNOWN steelmaker earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier , when the industry was UNKNOWN peak demand and strong pricing . 
sales fell to $ 999.9 million from $ 9.99 billion . 
the earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 99.9 million or $ 9.99 a share . 
moreover , the earnings were well below analysts ' expectations of about $ 9.99 a share . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , inland closed yesterday at $ 99.999 a share , down $ 9 . 
the company attributed the earnings drop to lower volume related to seasonal demand and the soft consumer durable market , especially in the automotive sector . 
however , the company also lost orders because of prolonged labor talks in the second quarter . 
third-quarter shipments slipped 9 % from the year-ago period , and 99 % from this year 's second quarter . 
profit of steel shipped for the company 's steel segment slid to $ 99 a ton , from $ 99 a ton a year earlier and $ 99 a ton a quarter earlier . 
analysts noted that the disappointing results do n't reflect lower prices for steel products . 
charles bradford , an analyst with merrill lynch capital markets , said higher prices for galvanized and UNKNOWN products offset lower prices for bar , UNKNOWN and structural steel . 
structural steel , which primarily serves the construction market , was especially hurt by a 99 % price drop , mr. bradford said . 
the company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs . 
the increased labor costs became effective aug. 9 under terms of the four-year labor agreement with the united steelworkers union . 
meanwhile , the company 's service center segment , which saw operating profit drop to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year ago , experienced much of the same demand and cost problems , as well as start-up costs associated with a UNKNOWN processing facility in chicago and an upgraded computer information system . 
inland chairman frank w. UNKNOWN said the company 's short-term outlook is `` UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN in the economy and financial markets . '' 
however , he noted that steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter . 
in the first nine months , profit was $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on sales of $ 9.99 billion , compared with $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on sales of $ 9.99 billion , a year earlier . 
the `` seismic '' activity of a financial market bears a UNKNOWN to the seismic activity of the earth . 
when things are quiet ( low volatility ) , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively UNKNOWN and still perform their functions adequately . 
however , when powerful forces start shaking the market 's structure , the more `` UNKNOWN '' it is , the better its chance for survival . 
america 's financial markets do not yet have all the required modern features required to make them fully `` UNKNOWN . '' 
investors lack equal access to the markets ' trading arena and its information . 
that structural lack is crucial because investors are the only source of market liquidity . 
and liquidity is what markets need to damp UNKNOWN and aftershocks . 
in today 's markets , specialists ( on the new york stock exchange ) and `` UNKNOWN '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the UNKNOWN process . 
when they halt trading , all market liquidity is gone . 
and when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes UNKNOWN or is lost entirely for a time . 
last friday the 99th ( as well as two years ago this week ) the markets became UNKNOWN . 
when that happened , `` seismic '' tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- UNKNOWN through the market and increased the market 's volatility . 
lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
fear is the father of panic . 
panic frequently results in UNKNOWN behavior . 
and in financial markets , UNKNOWN behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe . 
when market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the UNKNOWN curve ( buy and sell orders at various prices ) be made available to all , not just to market makers . 
because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their UNKNOWN of important market information . 
to add UNKNOWN power to america 's markets , a modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena ( and the information that would automatically UNKNOWN such access ) by investors -- particularly institutional investors . 
contrary to some opinions , the trading activities of specialists and other market makers do not provide liquidity to the market as a whole . 
what market makers provide is UNKNOWN , a very valuable service . 
liquidity is not a service . 
it is a market attribute -- the ability to absorb selling orders without causing significant price changes in the absence of news . 
market makers buy what investors wish to sell ; their business is UNKNOWN these unwanted positions as quickly as possible to other investors , and at a profit . 
as a result , while any one customer may purchase UNKNOWN by selling to a market maker ( which is UNKNOWN for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : the unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the UNKNOWN of the seller has changed . 
in fact it can be argued that increasing capital commitments by market makers ( a result of some UNKNOWN crash studies ) also increases market volatility , since the more securities are held by market makers at any given time , the more selling pressure is UNKNOWN the market . 
in an open electronic system , any investor UNKNOWN to pay for UNKNOWN access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire UNKNOWN curve ( buy and sell orders at each price ) entered by dealers and investors UNKNOWN , and to enter and execute orders . 
current quotations would reflect the combined financial judgment of all market participants -- not just those of UNKNOWN who become extremely UNKNOWN during times of crisis . 
investors and professionals UNKNOWN would compete on the level playing field congress sought and called a `` national market system '' ( not yet achieved ) almost 99 years ago when it passed the securities reform act of 9999 . 
last friday 's market gyrations did not result in severe `` aftershocks . '' 
were we smart or just lucky ? 
i 'm not certain . 
but i am sure we need to maximize our `` earthquake '' protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN power to our nation 's markets . 
mr. UNKNOWN is chairman of his own consulting company in UNKNOWN , n.j . 
now you see it , now you do n't . 
the recession , that is . 
the economy 's UNKNOWN steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or UNKNOWN up . 
so often are government statistics revised that they seem to UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN weather UNKNOWN . 
for the past seven years , investors have had the wind at their backs , in the form of a generally growing economy . 
some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- what it 's like to invest during a recession . 
different UNKNOWN are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher . 
for those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 9999 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
in a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN advise investors who expect a slowdown to hold fewer stocks than usual and to favor shares of big companies in `` defensive '' industries . 
a heavy UNKNOWN of cash is UNKNOWN , along with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to bonds -- UNKNOWN government bonds . 
it 's UNKNOWN to think these defensive steps can be delayed until a recession is clearly at hand . 
but that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise . 
`` they always seem to come a bit later than you expect . 
when they do hit , they hit fast , '' says david a. UNKNOWN , chief financial economist at the data resources division of mcgraw-hill inc . 
though he himself does n't expect a recession soon , mr. UNKNOWN advises people who do that `` the best thing to be in is long that is , 99-year to 99-year treasury bonds . '' 
the reason is simple , mr. UNKNOWN says : `` interest rates almost always decline during recession . '' 
as surely as a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , falling interest rates force up the price of previously issued bonds . 
they are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do . 
that effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
but short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a UNKNOWN price fairly soon . 
long-term bonds , with many years left before maturity , swing more widely in price . 
but not just any bonds will do . 
corporate bonds `` are usually not a good bet in a recession , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
as times get tougher , investors UNKNOWN about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts . 
this UNKNOWN the price of corporate bonds . 
also , he notes , `` most corporate bonds are callable . '' 
that means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a UNKNOWN ) . 
when interest rates have dropped , it makes sense for corporations to do just that ; they then save on interest costs . 
but the investors are left UNKNOWN with money to UNKNOWN at a time when interest rates are UNKNOWN . 
if corporate bonds are bad in recessions , junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all . 
it 's an `` UNKNOWN necessity '' to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the UNKNOWN , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , professor of finance at cornell university . 
`` such bonds are very sensitive to the UNKNOWN , and this could be a disaster . '' 
municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession , but not as safe as bonds issued by the federal government . 
during an economic slump , local tax revenues often go down , raising the risks associated with at least some municipals . 
and , like UNKNOWN , many municipal bonds are callable . 
but a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the UNKNOWN . 
one of these is jeffrey l. beach , director of research for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , a brokerage house in houston , who thinks that `` we 're either in a recession or about to go into one . '' 
what 's more , he thinks this could be a UNKNOWN recession than usual : `` once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . '' 
investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also UNKNOWN bonds . 
because he sees a `` 9 % to 9 % base rate of inflation in the economy , '' he doubts that interest rates will fall much any time soon . 
instead , mr. beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and treasury bills . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN financial inc. in UNKNOWN , pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
he is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- UNKNOWN inflation -- is just as bad . 
`` this late in an expansion , '' the economy tends to UNKNOWN off either into UNKNOWN inflation or into a recession , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
the federal reserve board 's plan for a `` soft landing , '' he says , requires the fed to UNKNOWN `` an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
a soft landing is n't something that can be achieved once and for all , mr. UNKNOWN adds . 
it has to be engineered over and over again , month after month . 
he believes that the task facing fed chairman alan greenspan is so difficult that it UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN saw . '' 
and , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios . 
it comes down to a question of whether to try to `` time '' the market . 
for people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments . 
most studies show that UNKNOWN investors historically have earned an annual return from stocks of 9 % to 99 % , including both dividends and price appreciation . 
that 's well above what bonds or bank certificates have paid . 
moreover , because no one knows for sure just when a recession is coming , some analysts think investors should n't even worry too much about timing . 
`` trying to time the economy is a mistake , '' says david katz , chief investment officer of value UNKNOWN management inc. in new york . 
mr. katz notes that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years . 
investors who UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says . 
mr. katz adds that people who jump in and out of the stock market need to be right about 99 % of the time to beat a UNKNOWN strategy . 
frequent trading runs up high commission costs . 
and the UNKNOWN might miss the sudden UNKNOWN that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time . 
still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming . 
after all , in all five recessions since 9999 , stocks declined . 
according to UNKNOWN davis , president of UNKNOWN davis research inc. in UNKNOWN , fla. , the average drop in the dow jones industrial average was about 99 % , and the decrease began an average of six months before a recession officially started . 
by the time a recession is `` official '' ( two consecutive quarters of declining gross national product ) , much of the damage to stocks has already been done - and , in the typical case , the recession is already half over . 
about six months before a recession ends , stocks typically begin to rise again , as investors anticipate a recovery . 
the average recession UNKNOWN about a year . 
unfortunately , though , recessions vary enough in UNKNOWN so that the average ca n't UNKNOWN be used to guide investors in timing stock sales or purchases . 
but whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend UNKNOWN stocks entirely during a recession . 
for the portion of an investor 's portfolio that stays in stocks , professionals have a number of suggestions . 
mr. katz advocates issues with low UNKNOWN ratios -- that is , low prices in UNKNOWN to the company 's earnings per share . 
`` low UNKNOWN '' stocks , he says , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN others `` during a recession or bear market . '' 
in good times , he says , they UNKNOWN a bit , but overall they provide superior performance . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN urges investors to UNKNOWN stocks in small companies . 
UNKNOWN shares typically fall more than UNKNOWN stocks in a recession , he says . 
and in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are `` almost as UNKNOWN as they were sept. 99 , 9999 , just before the crash . '' 
for example , mr. UNKNOWN says , stocks of small companies are selling for about 99 times cash flow . 
( cash flow , basically earnings plus depreciation , is one common gauge of a company 's financial health . ) 
that ratio is UNKNOWN close to the ratio of 99.9 that UNKNOWN before the 9999 stock-market crash , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
and it 's way above the ratio ( 9.9 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
another major UNKNOWN in making a portfolio UNKNOWN is choosing stocks in `` defensive '' industries . 
food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic UNKNOWN . 
recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
george UNKNOWN iii , editor of turnaround letter in boston , offers one final tip for UNKNOWN investors . 
`` keep some money available for opportunities , '' he says . 
`` if the recession does hit , there will be some great investment opportunities just when things seem the UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN covers investing issues from the wall street journal 's new york bureau . 
some industry groups consistently weather the storm better than others . 
the following shows the number of times these industries UNKNOWN the standard & poor 's 999-stock index during the first six months of the past seven recessions . 
bond prices posted strong gains as investors went on a bargain hunt . 
but while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count UNKNOWN , even as junk-bond prices rose . 
yesterday , prudential-bache securities inc. said it postponed a $ 999 million senior subordinated debenture offering by york international corp . 
and donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 999 million debenture offering by chicago & north western acquisition corp. that was still being negotiated late last night . 
the issue by chicago & north western is one of the so-called good junk-bond offerings on the new-issue calendar . 
some analysts said the restructuring of the railroad concern 's issue shows how tough it is for underwriters to sell even the junk bonds of a company considered to be a relatively good credit risk . 
since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been UNKNOWN back , delayed or dropped . 
on wednesday , drexel burnham lambert inc. had to slash the size of continental airlines ' junk-bond offering to $ 99 million from $ 999 million . 
salomon brothers inc. has delayed grand union co. 's $ 9.99 billion junk-bond offering while it UNKNOWN the transaction . 
last week , the grand union offering was sweetened to include warrants that allow UNKNOWN to acquire common stock . 
prudential-bache said the york issue was delayed because of market conditions . 
`` everything is going through UNKNOWN right now , and { chicago & north western } is no exception , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice president , high-yield research , at citicorp . 
portfolio managers say UNKNOWN like equity UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals . 
dan baldwin , managing director of high-yield investments at chancellor capital management , said the chicago & north western offering was restructured in part because `` several large insurance buyers right now are demanding equity as part of the package . 
if you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
mr. baldwin likes the offering . 
but several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said they 're UNKNOWN away from any junk security that is n't considered first rate for its class . 
while they consider the chicago & north western issue to be good , they do n't view it as the best . 
to lure buyers to the chicago & north western bonds , portfolio managers said donaldson lufkin sweetened the transaction by offering the bonds with a UNKNOWN interest rate and a 99 % equity UNKNOWN . 
the bonds are expected to have a 99 9\/9 % coupon rate . 
the equity arrangement apparently would allow UNKNOWN to buy a total of 99 % of the stock of UNKNOWN corp. , chicago & north western 's parent company . 
donaldson lufkin declined to comment on the restructuring . 
according to some analysts familiar with the negotiations , the 99 % of equity would come directly from donaldson lufkin and a fund affiliated with the investment bank UNKNOWN group , which would reduce their UNKNOWN equity holdings by 9 % each . 
that would leave the UNKNOWN fund with a 99 % stake and donaldson lufkin with 99 % . 
despite the problems with new issues , high-yield bonds showed gains in the secondary , or UNKNOWN , market . 
junk bonds ended about one-half point higher with so-called high-quality issues from rjr capital holdings corp. and UNKNOWN gas service limited partnership rising one point . 
in the treasury market , the benchmark 99-year bond rose UNKNOWN point , or $ 9.99 for each $ 9,999 face amount . 
the gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is UNKNOWN while the economy UNKNOWN . 
that raised hopes that interest rates will continue to move lower . 
the labor department reported that consumer prices rose just 9.9 % last month , slightly lower than some economists had expected . 
but there were also rumors yesterday that several japanese institutional investors were shifting their portfolios and buying long-term bonds while selling UNKNOWN treasurys . 
short-term treasury securities ended narrowly mixed , with two-year notes posting slight declines while three-year notes were slightly higher . 
yesterday , the fed executed four-day matched sales , a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system . 
the move was interpreted by some economists as a sign that the fed does n't want the federal funds rate to move any lower than the 9 9\/9 % at which it has been UNKNOWN around during the past week . 
the closely watched funds rate is what banks charge each other on overnight loans . 
it is considered an early signal of fed credit policy changes . 
`` the fact that they did four-day matched sales means they are not in a mood to ease aggressively . 
they are telling us that { 9 9\/9 % } is as low as they want to see the fed funds rate , '' said robert UNKNOWN at UNKNOWN bank plc . 
treasury securities 
the benchmark 99-year bond was quoted late at a price of 999 99\/99 to yield 9.999 % , compared with 999 99\/99 to yield 9.999 % wednesday . 
the latest 99-year notes were quoted late at 999 9\/99 to yield 9.999 % , compared with 99 99\/99 to yield 9.999 % . 
short-term rates rose yesterday . 
the discount rate on three-month treasury bills rose to 9.99 % from 9.99 % wednesday , while the rate on six-month bills rose to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
meanwhile , the treasury sold $ 9.99 billion of 99-week bills yesterday . 
the average yield on the bills was 9.99 % , down from 9.99 % at the previous 99-week bill auction sept. 99 . 
yesterday 's yield was the lowest since 9.99 % on july 99 . 
here are details of the auction : 
rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
thus , higher bidding UNKNOWN the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
the percentage rates are calculated on a 999-day year , while the UNKNOWN yield is based on a 999-day year . 
corporate issues 
junk bond price climbed yesterday despite UNKNOWN in the new-issue market for high-yield securities . 
dealers said junk bond issues on average were up by 9\/9 to 9\/9 point with so-called quality issues from rjr capital holdings corp. and UNKNOWN gas service limited partnership posting UNKNOWN gains . 
UNKNOWN gas service 's 99 9\/9 % debentures traded at 999 , after trading around par earlier this week , and rjr 's 99 9\/9 % subordinated debentures of 9999 were at 999 9\/9 after trading at below par earlier this week . 
investment-grade bonds were unchanged . 
municipals 
activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
traders estimated that more than $ 999 million of high-grade bonds was put up for sale via UNKNOWN lists circulated by a handful of major brokers . 
there was speculation that the supply was coming from a commercial bank 's portfolios . 
according to market participants , the bonds were met with decent bids , but the volume of paper left high UNKNOWN in the 99-year and under maturity range unchanged to 9.99 percentage point higher in yield . 
away from the general obligation sector , activity was modest . 
long dollar bonds were flat to up 9\/9 point . 
new jersey UNKNOWN authority 's 9.99 % issue of 9999 was up 9\/9 at 99 9\/9 bid to yield about 9.99 % , down 9.99 percentage point . 
the debt of some california issuers pulled off UNKNOWN reached after tuesday 's massive earthquake , although traders said market participants remained cautious . 
california expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 9.99 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 999 million to $ 9 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official . 
it 's also unclear precisely how the state will rebuild its reserve , said UNKNOWN katz , assistant director of california 's department of finance , although she noted that a bond offering for that purpose is n't anticipated . 
meanwhile , new issuance was slow . 
the largest sale in the competitive arena was a $ 99.9 million issue of school financing bonds from the virginia public school authority . 
a balance of $ 99.9 million remained in late UNKNOWN , according to the lead manager . 
mortgage-backed securities 
mortgage securities generally ended 9\/99 to 9\/99 point higher , but UNKNOWN gains in the treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the treasury yield curve and rumored mortgage sales by thrifts . 
premium government national mortgage association securities with coupon rates of 99 % and higher actually declined amid concerns about increased UNKNOWN because of a plan being considered by congress to speed the refinancing of UNKNOWN mortgages . 
ginnie mae 99 % securities were down about 9\/9 at 999 99\/99 . 
if the refinancing plan clears congress , there could be fairly heavy UNKNOWN on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them . 
in the UNKNOWN sector , a shift in the treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of UNKNOWN issues over UNKNOWN securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings . 
ginnie mae 9 % securities ended at 99 9\/99 , up 9\/99 , and federal home loan mortgage corp. 9 % securities were at 99 99\/99 , up 9\/99 . 
the ginnie mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.99 % to a 99-year average life assumption , as the spread above the treasury 99-year note widened 9.99 percentage point to 9.99 . 
while remic issuance may slow in the coming days because of the shift in the treasury yield curve , underwriters continued to UNKNOWN out new real estate mortgage investment UNKNOWN structured when the yield curve was more favorable . 
two new UNKNOWN totaling $ 999 million were announced by freddie mac yesterday . 
foreign bonds 
british government bonds ended little changed as investors UNKNOWN an economic policy address last night by chancellor of the exchequer nigel lawson . 
the treasury 99 9\/9 % bond due UNKNOWN was down 9\/99 at 999 99\/99 to yield 99.99 % , while the 99 9\/9 % notes due 9999 were unchanged at 99 99\/99 to yield 99.99 % . 
in japan , the bellwether no. 999 9.9 % bond of 9999 ended off 9.99 at 99.99 , to yield 9.99 % , and in west germany , the 9 % benchmark issue due october 9999 ended 9.99 point lower at 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
the UNKNOWN approaches , makes his pitch . 
it may be UNKNOWN -- he wants money for food -- or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; his UNKNOWN is at this very moment near death in UNKNOWN , he has lost his UNKNOWN and has only $ 9.99 in change to put toward a bus ticket UNKNOWN $ 9.99 , and wo n't you give him the difference ? 
no ? 
well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ... 
figuring that their money would more likely go toward a bottle of night train express , most people have little trouble saying no to UNKNOWN like this . 
but healthy skepticism UNKNOWN when they are UNKNOWN by an organized charity to help fight cancer , UNKNOWN , child abuse , or what have you . 
most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these UNKNOWN goals . 
but will it ? 
in a UNKNOWN number of cases , no . 
in fact , the UNKNOWN sometimes might be better off giving the money to the UNKNOWN : at least he has no overhead , and he might even be telling the truth . 
last year , more than $ 999 billion was donated to the nation 's 999,999 charities . 
while the vast bulk of it was indeed spent by reputable organizations on the good works it was raised for , it 's equally true that a sizable UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN in `` expenses '' claimed by other operators , including fraudulent expenses . 
in many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a UNKNOWN of cash was left for the UNKNOWN beneficiaries . 
it 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN fund-raising costs , UNKNOWN operators , and UNKNOWN fraud . 
but the problem clearly is widespread and persistent . 
state law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from UNKNOWN groups such as the council of better business bureaus are not encouraging . 
the UNKNOWN advisory service of the UNKNOWN reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for UNKNOWN ; for UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was UNKNOWN established . 
the service figures at least half of the money taken in should be spent on program . 
roughly a third of the charities UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the test . 
which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from UNKNOWN in a lot of money anyway . 
without a UNKNOWN and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out UNKNOWN causes from UNKNOWN if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself . 
on this basis , `` there 's no way the average person can know a good charity from a bad one , '' says david UNKNOWN , an assistant attorney general in connecticut . 
`` a lot of UNKNOWN just get taken . '' 
including those , he contends , who put about $ 9 million into the UNKNOWN for the connecticut association of concerned veterans and the vietnam veterans service center . 
the state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; 99 % , says mr. UNKNOWN , went to fund UNKNOWN and most of the rest to the people who ran the charities and to their UNKNOWN -- for fur coats , trips to florida , UNKNOWN restaurant UNKNOWN . 
the telephone number for the charity in UNKNOWN , conn. , has been UNKNOWN , and the former officials could n't be located . 
running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed . 
the UNKNOWN foundation , the american cancer society and the united way of america all say that they spend roughly 99 % of their income on programs , not overhead . 
with some other charities , however , it s the other way around . 
the fledgling national children 's cancer society , for example , took in $ 9.9 million last year to finance UNKNOWN transplants for children . 
by the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 999,999 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
the state of illinois is suing the charity for fraud in chicago , along with UNKNOWN marketing inc. , its UNKNOWN fund UNKNOWN . 
both deny wrongdoing . 
the charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a UNKNOWN base it can UNKNOWN at much lower cost in years to come . 
michael burns , president of UNKNOWN , says his concern has only benefited from the publicity surrounding the case , noting that three other charities have signed on as clients because they were impressed with the amount he raised for national children 's . 
meanwhile , a state court judge has allowed the charity to go on UNKNOWN funds . 
enforcers ca n't put charities out of business simply because they spend the lion 's share of their income on fund raising . 
state laws previously used as a UNKNOWN minimum UNKNOWN of income -- usually half -- that had to be spent on the program rather than overhead , but these have been UNKNOWN by the u.s. supreme court . 
it has ruled that such laws might work to UNKNOWN fund raising , which would amount to limiting the charities ' UNKNOWN right to freedom of UNKNOWN . 
this puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or UNKNOWN , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently . 
the attorney general 's office in connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere . 
in making cases , the authorities frequently zero in on alleged UNKNOWN made by the charities ' fund UNKNOWN . 
illinois , for instance , currently has under investigation 99 of the 99 companies UNKNOWN up funds for charities UNKNOWN there . 
enforcers pay special attention to operators using UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as an additional UNKNOWN to give . 
attorneys general in several states , including illinois , are already suing watson & UNKNOWN co. , an UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that they say has used deceptive UNKNOWN ads to UNKNOWN donations for the american heart disease foundation and the cancer fund of america . 
according to the illinois attorney general 's suit , watson & UNKNOWN sent UNKNOWN indicating that UNKNOWN were guaranteed cash UNKNOWN , and could win up to an additional $ 9,999 on top of them , if they contributed as little as $ 9 . 
but the total value of the UNKNOWN was only $ 9,999 and most `` winners '' will receive just 99 cents , according to the attorney general 's office . 
the suit is still pending in illinois state court . 
watson & UNKNOWN has denied the allegations in court ; officials decline to comment further . 
while they can target some of the most obvious UNKNOWN , enforcers concede that they are only UNKNOWN the surface . 
there are so many UNKNOWN UNKNOWN used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all . 
one UNKNOWN : the `` public education '' UNKNOWN . 
the solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN the public about some health or other issue . 
what it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself . 
`` all too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` do n't smoke ! ' or ` wear UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , ' `` says william webster , attorney general of missouri . 
`` by putting these UNKNOWN statements on the UNKNOWN , hundreds of thousands of dollars are claimed to have been spent on education to consumers when in fact this represents the costs of sending the newsletters . '' 
mr. webster cites a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from the united cancer council that offers a chance to win $ 9,999 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 9 to cancer education . 
`` a few UNKNOWN warnings about cancer appear but that 's only two inches in all four pages . 
i think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive tv and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says . 
officials at the washington UNKNOWN charity did n't return repeated phone calls . 
many UNKNOWN charities ride the UNKNOWN of the biggest , UNKNOWN and most reputable ones by adopting names similar to theirs . 
the established charities are UNKNOWN by this but say they can do little about it . 
`` we ca n't police the many organizations that have UNKNOWN up in the last few years using part of our name . 
most of them do n't last for long , but in the meantime all we can do is tell people they are n't connected with us , '' says a spokeswoman for the american heart association . 
and sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used and does n't even know it . 
a couple in UNKNOWN , ill. , raised $ 99,999 earlier this year using the name and UNKNOWN of mothers against UNKNOWN driving , without permission from the group . 
UNKNOWN did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 999 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
the illinois attorney general won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without UNKNOWN 's permission . 
the couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left UNKNOWN , law enforcement officials report . 
UNKNOWN mcdonald , a spokeswoman for UNKNOWN , says , `` it 's UNKNOWN , because anybody could do this . '' 
mr. johnson is a staff reporter in the wall street journal 's chicago bureau . 
overhead costs at some of the largest charities , in millions of dollars 
british airways plc , a crucial UNKNOWN in the proposed buy-out of ual corp. , UNKNOWN its hands of the current efforts to revive a bid for the parent of united airlines . 
specifically , the british carrier said it currently has no plans to participate in any new offer for ual . 
in addition , british air officially withdrew its support for the previous $ 999-a-share bid in a UNKNOWN statement that said `` the original deal is closed . '' 
company officials said later that british airways believes its involvement in the ual buy-out ended last friday when the buy-out group , which also includes ual 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 9.99 billion transaction . 
the carrier stopped short of saying it would n't at some point UNKNOWN participating in any new bid for ual . 
however , company officials said they plan to take `` no UNKNOWN '' to UNKNOWN the transaction , and `` are n't aware '' of any restructured bid in the making . 
UNKNOWN , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for ual will ever get off the ground . 
the transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place . 
however , in response to the british air decision , united 's pilot union vowed to continue efforts to revive the buy-out . 
pilot union chairman frederick c. UNKNOWN said advisers to ual management and the union will begin meeting in new york today and will work through the weekend to UNKNOWN a new proposal to present to ual 's board `` at the earliest time possible . '' 
pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without british air 's participation . 
ual declined to comment on british air 's statement . 
ual chairman stephen m. wolf , who is leading the management end of the buy-out , has n't provided investors with any assurances about the prospect of a new deal . 
in another setback yesterday , united 's UNKNOWN union asked the treasury department to investigate whether certain aspects of the original buy-out proposal violated tax laws . 
in an effort to UNKNOWN the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the securities and exchange commission , transportation department and labor department . 
but there was one bright spot yesterday . 
the united UNKNOWN union agreed to negotiations that could lead to the flight attendants contributing concessions to a UNKNOWN bid in exchange for an ownership stake . 
the pilot union , the only one to support the buy-out thus far , said the flight attendants ' decision `` UNKNOWN our belief that an UNKNOWN owned airline is practical and UNKNOWN . '' 
still , without the assurance of british airways ' financial backing , it will be tougher for the buy-out group to convince UNKNOWN banks to make loan commitments for a revised bid , especially since british air 's original investment represented 99 % of the cash equity contribution for the bid . 
under the previous plan , british air would have received a 99 % stake in ual in exchange for a $ 999 million equity investment , with a 99 % stake going to ual employees and 99 % to ual management . 
british air officials said the airline 's chairman , lord king , was concerned about news reports indicating that british air might be willing to participate in a bid that included a lower purchase price and better investment terms for the british carrier . 
the previous reports were based on remarks by british air 's chief financial officer , UNKNOWN stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in ual 's stock in the past week . 
ual stock dropped $ 9.999 yesterday to $ 999.999 on volume of 999,999 shares in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
ual declined to comment on british air 's statement . 
in an interview wednesday with dow jones professional investor report , mr. stevens said , `` we 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
we 're not rushing into anything . 
we do n't want to be party to a second rejection . '' 
indeed , british air seemed to be UNKNOWN itself from the troubled transaction early in an effort to avoid any further embarrassment . 
the original transaction fell through on the same day british air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the british succeeded in UNKNOWN the financing for its equity contribution . 
the carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its american counterparts . 
`` the { buy-out } consortium UNKNOWN to exist because our american partners were not capable of organizing the financing , '' a british air spokesman said . 
british airways may have begun to have second UNKNOWN about the transaction after the transportation department forced northwest 's airlines ' new owners to restructure the equity contribution of UNKNOWN royal dutch airlines in that carrier . 
most of the department 's statements since the northwest transaction indicated it planned to curtail foreign ownership stakes in u.s. carriers . 
even before british air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in chicago yesterday to consider their options . 
the leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing wednesday by the union 's advisers , lazard UNKNOWN & co. and paul , weiss , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & garrison . 
they also unanimously UNKNOWN mr. UNKNOWN , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 9 9 / 9-year fight to take control of the airline . 
ual 's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid . 
they have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction . 
the buy-out fell through after citicorp and chase manhattan corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 9.9 billion in financing needed for the plan . 
italy 's industrial wholesale sales index rose 99.9 % in june from a year earlier , the state statistical institute UNKNOWN said . 
the june increase compared with a rise of 99.9 % in may from a year earlier . 
domestic wholesale sales rose 99.9 % from a year earlier , while foreign sales jumped 99.9 % , UNKNOWN said . 
for the first six months , wholesale sales rose 99.9 % from the year before , reflecting to a 99.9 % jump in domestic sales and a 99.9 % boost in foreign sales . 
sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic UNKNOWN increased 99.9 % in the UNKNOWN period from a year earlier . 
sales of consumer goods rose 9.9 % in the same period , while sales of intermediate goods were up 99.9 % from a year ago . 
senate democrats UNKNOWN a cut in the capital-gains tax have decided , under pressure from their leaders , not to offer their own proposal , UNKNOWN another obstacle in the path of president bush 's legislative priority . 
a core group of six or so democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
the plan was complete except for finishing UNKNOWN , and there was talk that it would be unveiled as early as yesterday . 
but senate majority leader george mitchell ( d. , maine ) , a UNKNOWN opponent of the capital-gains tax cut , called the group to meet with him wednesday night and again yesterday . 
sen. mitchell urged them to UNKNOWN . 
afterward , leaders of the dissident democrats UNKNOWN , and said they would n't offer their own proposal as they had planned . 
the decision is a setback for president bush , who needs the support of democrats to pass the tax cut through the UNKNOWN senate . 
having a proposal sponsored by democrats would have given the president an advantage . 
having only a republican measure makes the task harder . 
still , sen. bob packwood ( r. , ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
he said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the democratic leadership might UNKNOWN . 
but sen. mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow democrats , strongly UNKNOWN . 
mr. mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
yesterday , in an interview , he added that the democrats ' decision `` increases the likelihood that a capital-gains tax cut will not pass this year . '' 
mr. mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
that vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by house and senate negotiators . 
the house version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
now republican leaders are UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation . 
to help lay the UNKNOWN for that fight , president bush plans early next week to meet at the white house with some 99 democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are UNKNOWN on the issue . 
the president apparently will have only one bill to push , sen. packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident democrats plan to support it . 
`` i may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said sen. david boren ( d. , UNKNOWN ) , a leader of those democrats . 
the packwood plan , as expected , would allow individuals to exclude from income 9 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
the exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 99 % after seven years . 
the exclusion would apply to assets sold after oct. 9 . 
as an alternative , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
for corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 99 % from the current top rate of 99 % . 
that rate would gradually decline to as little as 99 % for corporate assets held for 99 years . 
the packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by sen. william roth ( r. , UNKNOWN ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
the roth plan would create a new , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses . 
current iras could be rolled over into the new iras , but would be subject to tax though no penalty . 
westmoreland coal co. , UNKNOWN benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
the producer and marketer of UNKNOWN coal said net income for the quarter was $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 999.9 million . 
for the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 999,999 or six cents a share . 
in the latest nine months , the company earned $ 9.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
last year 's net loss of $ 9,999,999 included a benefit of $ 9,999,999 from an accounting change . 
revenue for the nine months rose to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
in an interview , UNKNOWN hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
in the latest nine months , mr. hutchinson said , total coal sales rose to about 99.9 million tons from about 99.9 million tons a year earlier . 
in addition , long-term debt has been trimmed to about $ 99 million from $ 99 million since jan. 9 . 
he predicted the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters . 
westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling UNKNOWN coal in the UNKNOWN region . 
the operating territory includes coal terminals on the ohio river and in newport news , va . 
westmoreland exports about a fourth of its coal UNKNOWN , including a significant amount of UNKNOWN coal produced by others that is used by steelmakers overseas . 
for the past couple of years , westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive UNKNOWN of all aspects of its business . 
marginal operations and assets have been sold . 
the size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 99 . 
about 999 UNKNOWN management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
even UNKNOWN have been reduced . 
for example , the chief executive himself now pays 99 % of the cost of his health benefits ; the company used to pay 999 % . 
`` i think the ship is now UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN are pumped and we are on course , '' mr. hutchinson said of the restructuring program . 
`` much of what we set out to do is completed . '' 
but he cautioned that westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just UNKNOWN the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained . 
one difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer UNKNOWN because of holidays and the hunting season . 
`` i do n't want to give the impression that everybody can UNKNOWN now , '' he said . 
`` we have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient . 
it 's a process that never really ends . '' 
nevertheless , mr. hutchinson predicted that 9999 would be `` UNKNOWN profitable '' for westmoreland and that 9999 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
for all of 9999 , the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $ 999,999 on revenue of $ 999.9 million . 
an accounting adjustment made net income $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
in a move that UNKNOWN the company 's basic strategy , its westmoreland energy inc. unit is developing four UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plants with a partner in virginia . 
some of the coal the plants buy will come from westmoreland mines . 
mr. hutchinson predicted that the unit 's contribution to company results in the 9999s `` will be exciting . '' 
he said westmoreland is looking at investment stakes in other UNKNOWN plants east of the mississippi river . 
westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 9.9 % range in the early 9999s . 
`` we see coal 's piece of the action growing , '' mr. hutchinson said . 
`` coal prices , while not UNKNOWN , will grow modestly in real terms , we think . 
chase manhattan corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 99-story office tower . 
chase had purchased an option to buy the building at one new york plaza for an UNKNOWN sum from the late UNKNOWN atlas as part of its original lease in 9999 . 
the current transaction cost the bank approximately $ 999 million . 
of that amount , $ 99 million was payment for the land UNKNOWN the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
the building houses about 9,999 chase workers , most of whom will be moved to downtown brooklyn after the bank 's new back office center is completed in 9999 . 
the move is part of chase 's strategy to consolidate its back offices under one roof . 
the headquarters is located a few blocks away at 9 chase manhattan plaza . 
as part of its decision to leave the building , chase tried to sell its interest , along with the atlas estate 's interest , shortly after the october 9999 stock market crash . 
chase senior vice president george UNKNOWN said the bank decided to exercise its option after bids fell short of expectations . 
he said chase and the atlas estate were looking to sell the entire building for $ 999 million to $ 999 million , but did n't get an offer for more than $ 999 million . 
as the building 's new owner , chase will have its work cut out for it . 
chase is UNKNOWN 9.9 million square feet of space , and salomon brothers inc. , whose headquarters is in the building , also plans to move shortly . 
in addition , another major building UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities , likely will UNKNOWN the premises as part of its liquidation . 
new york real estate brokerage edward s. gordon co. will have the difficult task of finding new tenants . 
even with its striking views of the new york harbor , the building is considered UNKNOWN by modern office standards . 
and chase will have to spend approximately $ 99 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
wall street , shake hands with george UNKNOWN . 
the author of the UNKNOWN novel `` 9999 '' invented a language called UNKNOWN that made it impossible to fully develop a UNKNOWN thought -- that is , anything negative about the policies and practices of the state . 
wall street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start . 
its language -- call it UNKNOWN -- is increasingly UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , and designed to make financial products and UNKNOWN appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
when something UNKNOWN nasty happens , a few UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN to simply make it UNKNOWN , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
for example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market UNKNOWN two years ago . 
wrong . 
according to some of the grand UNKNOWN of the market , it never happened . 
in their UNKNOWN the 999-point collapse in the dow jones industrial average on oct. 99 , 9999 , was just a big UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN out a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN term , new york stock exchange chairman john phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only `` a major technical correction . '' 
( another UNKNOWN saying , however , this one in plain english , holds that if something walks like a duck and UNKNOWN like a duck , it is a duck . 
on oct. 99 , 9999 -- a date UNKNOWN UNKNOWN insist on UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- the UNKNOWN industrials fell 99.9 % . 
in the `` technical correction '' of two years ago , they lost a UNKNOWN 99.9 % . ) 
customers hear a lot of this stuff from people who try to sell them stock . 
these people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not UNKNOWN enough or carries too many negative UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN technical correction , when UNKNOWN customers could n't raise brokers on the phone . 
either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
of the major new york-based securities firms , only morgan stanley & co. still calls its salespeople brokers . 
at merrill lynch & co. and shearson lehman hutton inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
at drexel burnham lambert inc. , prudential UNKNOWN securities , and dean witter reynolds inc. , they are `` account executives . '' 
at painewebber inc. , they are `` investment executives . '' 
such UNKNOWN are designed to UNKNOWN a sense of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and expertise in selling today 's UNKNOWN financial products . 
it is a UNKNOWN and expertise that some brokers themselves , UNKNOWN by all the new things being UNKNOWN up for them to UNKNOWN , do n't feel . 
`` it s almost product de UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN one account executive at dean witter . 
the UNKNOWN brokers never let the UNKNOWN cross their UNKNOWN , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product . 
the names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
a case in point : `` UNKNOWN '' bond funds . 
what could UNKNOWN more safety than investing in government bonds ? 
what could be better than getting a UNKNOWN more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ? 
indeed , conservative investors , many of them elderly , have poured more than $ 99 billion into such funds , which promise UNKNOWN yields than ordinary treasury bonds -- only to learn later that these funds use part of their money to UNKNOWN in high-risk bond options , a UNKNOWN 's game . 
when a certain class of investment UNKNOWN so poorly that its reputation is UNKNOWN , look for wall street to give it a new UNKNOWN . 
this seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been UNKNOWN disappointments . 
they are still being sold , but more and more often as `` direct investments '' -- with all the same risks they had under the old label . 
in such cases , the game has n't changed , only the name . 
in others a familiar old name still UNKNOWN , but the underlying game has changed . 
for example , `` no load '' mutual funds remain a favorite with investors because they do n't carry a UNKNOWN sales commission . 
getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
traditional UNKNOWN made their money by charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees , and many still do n't . 
in recent years , though , a UNKNOWN of others flying the UNKNOWN flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 9 % -- when an investor sells his shares . 
should n't they properly be called UNKNOWN funds ? 
the mutual-fund industry is UNKNOWN the question , but do n't expect a new name while the old one is working so well . 
and do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be UNKNOWN investments than they were . 
american telephone & telegraph co. , for one , is still a favorite of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and trust departments -- but UNKNOWN of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before UNKNOWN . 
also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years . 
larry UNKNOWN , a money manager in san mateo , calif. , blames that on the UNKNOWN of program trading , in which computers used by big institutional investors are UNKNOWN to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail . 
blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as UNKNOWN chips . '' 
finally , even the UNKNOWN strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
before the takeover UNKNOWN of the '99s , it referred to UNKNOWN out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with UNKNOWN management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects . 
now , says mr. UNKNOWN , value investing often means `` looking for UNKNOWN companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . '' 
to institutional investors or brokers , he adds , a company with value is a company at risk of being UNKNOWN up . 
ms. UNKNOWN covers personal finance from the wall street journal 's los angeles bureau . 
i was UNKNOWN to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN threats to UNKNOWN making new loans to less-developed countries . 
if the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
-- during the 9999s the commercial banks UNKNOWN the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` use of proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made . 
-- the reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings ( and management bonuses ) ; the price , a sea of bad loans . 
-- for the past several years , the banks , lacking a private navy to enforce their interests , have been UNKNOWN the u.s. treasury to underwrite their bad UNKNOWN credits . 
-- the treasury UNKNOWN has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various UNKNOWN agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or UNKNOWN reduction or new loans ( the brady plan ) . 
-- the banks will UNKNOWN not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
george a. UNKNOWN 
gillette co. elected warren e. buffett , chairman of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 99 from 99 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN earlier this year bought $ 999 million of preferred stock in gillette that is convertible into an 99 % stake , and gillette said at the time that mr. buffett would be added to the board . 
separately , gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 9 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 99.9 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
sales rose 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million , with sales of the company 's international / diversified operations `` well above '' the year UNKNOWN . 
for the nine months , gillette 's net income declined 9 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the 9999 period . 
sales rose 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 99.99 a share , up 99 cents . 
when walter UNKNOWN , the president of sony corp. 's cbs records , last month told producer peter guber that sony was about to make a $ 9.9 billion bid for columbia pictures and needed someone to run the studio , mr. guber jumped at the chance . 
within two days , he was on his way to new york and tokyo to meet with top UNKNOWN at sony . 
and before the week was out , sony had offered mr. guber and his partner , jon peters , the most lucrative employment contracts in the history of the movie business . 
not only that , sony also agreed to give them a stake in columbia 's future profits and buy their company , guber peters entertainment co. , for $ 999 million , almost 99 % more than the market value of the company . 
there was just one UNKNOWN point : the two had a prior commitment . 
just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for warner bros. for which they had just produced the UNKNOWN hit `` batman . '' 
but mr. guber figured that warner communications inc. chairman steven ross , would UNKNOWN and let the producers go , knowing the sony offer was `` the UNKNOWN of a life 's work . '' 
he figured wrong . 
last week , following UNKNOWN settlement talks , warner , now UNKNOWN with time inc. , filed a $ 9 billion breach of contract suit in los angeles superior court against both sony and guber peters . 
sony promptly UNKNOWN , charging warner with trying to UNKNOWN its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the u.s. movie business . 
the accusations of lying and UNKNOWN are flying thick and fast on both sides : as one sony executive puts it , `` it 's world war iii . '' 
that two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside hollywood could UNKNOWN such a clash of corporate UNKNOWN suggests how desperate the UNKNOWN for proven talent is in the movie business . 
and they are a very odd team in any case . 
mr. guber was raised in boston and UNKNOWN in new york . 
he is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees . 
mr. peters is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who came to fame as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN . 
yet , they are far and away the most UNKNOWN producers in hollywood . 
and despite their share of UNKNOWN , they make movies that make money . 
that is a UNKNOWN sony badly needs -- and warner is UNKNOWN to lose . 
although columbia had a good summer with `` UNKNOWN ii '' and `` when harry met UNKNOWN , '' rivals such as warner , paramount pictures , walt disney co. and universal studios have been UNKNOWN columbia at the box office . 
after five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , columbia UNKNOWN needs a stable , UNKNOWN team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits . 
mr. guber and mr. peters are n't UNKNOWN loved in hollywood but they are well connected . 
their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is UNKNOWN out hot properties , UNKNOWN them up and then getting big studios to UNKNOWN and distribute them . 
sometimes mr. guber and mr. peters do little more than UNKNOWN the first draft of a UNKNOWN for a `` UNKNOWN , '' or buy rights to a best seller such as `` the color UNKNOWN . '' 
it falls to others to do the writing , UNKNOWN and producing . 
with mgm / ua 's `` UNKNOWN , '' for instance , messrs. guber and peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success . 
sometimes , as with `` batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
in that case , guber peters acquired the rights in 9999 , UNKNOWN the movie through a dozen UNKNOWN , and were on the set in london for 99 months UNKNOWN over the most minute changes in casting and production . 
`` they 're the best production talent around , '' says brian de UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN to guber peters for hiring him to direct the warner movie of tom UNKNOWN 's novel `` UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN . '' 
on that film , which is to start UNKNOWN in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the UNKNOWN . 
and when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , '' mr. de UNKNOWN adds . 
`` i wish they were around 99 hours a day . '' 
and some movies seem to have been hurt by their UNKNOWN . 
warner executives blame mr. guber 's and mr. peters 's lack of involvement in `` UNKNOWN ii '' for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure . 
`` we 've had a few UNKNOWN , '' admits mr. peters . 
`` but by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
he says his company 's UNKNOWN at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at columbia . 
we UNKNOWN ran our own studio . '' 
longtime hollywood associates describe mr. guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN and marketing . 
`` peter is a major piece of hollywood UNKNOWN who has really earned his success , '' says robert UNKNOWN , an agent at creative artists agency . 
mark johnson , the producer of `` UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN in : `` he has a great ability to hire UNKNOWN people and UNKNOWN authority ... . 
it 's no accident that they 've been able to develop such successful material . '' 
mr. peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in hollywood , and his UNKNOWN like to UNKNOWN him as something of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he gets better reviews as a creative UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN , an idea man . 
he also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN made him famous . 
he cut her hair . 
he lived with her . 
he came to produce her records and her movies -- `` a star is born '' and `` the main event . '' 
UNKNOWN married but now single , mr. peters got plenty of ink last summer for an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN kim UNKNOWN during the making of `` batman . '' 
mr. guber , by contrast , has been married to one woman for more than 99 years . 
but for all their intellectual and UNKNOWN differences , they make the perfect `` good UNKNOWN , bad UNKNOWN '' team , hollywood associates say . 
`` peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
`` if there 's a problem , peter disappears , and all of a sudden jon shows up . '' 
mr. guber and mr. peters UNKNOWN many people in hollywood the wrong way . 
producers don simpson and jerry UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' through several UNKNOWN and ultimately produced the movie , UNKNOWN when messrs. guber and peters take credit for the film . 
says mr. simpson : `` the UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN . 
we UNKNOWN it . 
we are the producers of that movie . 
they got a small piece of the net profits and a screen credit '' as executive producers . 
when roger UNKNOWN , an executive who worked for guber peters in the early 9999s , left to take a job as head of production at the united artists studio , they made him UNKNOWN all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` UNKNOWN '' and `` batman . '' 
mr. peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and mr. guber are in with warner . 
`` i was upset with roger , i UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , '' says mr. peters . 
`` but he wanted to pursue his own dream , and he went . '' 
still , mr. UNKNOWN says his relationship with guber peters was `` one of the most successful i 've had in hollywood . '' 
the two `` have a wonderful UNKNOWN -- jon is very UNKNOWN , and peter is very UNKNOWN , '' adds mr. UNKNOWN , who is now head of production at news corp. 's 99th century fox film co . 
`` jon peters will come UNKNOWN into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone . 
peter will take the UNKNOWN of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN recalls that mr. guber and mr. peters UNKNOWN into high gear a few years back upon learning that they had competition for the story of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which became `` UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . '' 
he says , `` within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of UNKNOWN and everyone who had ever met or talked to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
i think peter even made some deals with the UNKNOWN . '' 
universal studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to UNKNOWN the film with guber peters and warner . 
more recently , guber peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including robert UNKNOWN and ted turner , for rights to the life story of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN union leader who fought developers in the UNKNOWN rain forest . 
messrs. guber and peters UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the man 's widow for months , showing her a tape of `` UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN '' to UNKNOWN her with the quality of their work . 
money helped , too . 
ultimately , they paid more than $ 9 million for the rights . 
( the sale caused a UNKNOWN between the widow and some of her husband 's UNKNOWN . 
some of the money will go to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . ) 
it 's hardly UNKNOWN ( given the men 's track record ) that sony wants mr. guber and mr. peters . 
but it is UNKNOWN to some hollywood executives that sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the warner situation first . 
some note that sony might have saved itself some trouble by just hiring mr. guber and letting mr. peters stay on to UNKNOWN the warner contract . 
but though `` people in town may ask why guber needs peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the UNKNOWN works , '' says steven tisch , a producer who once worked for mr. guber . 
`` this business is n't about UNKNOWN at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black . 
in the case of peter and jon , the ink has been very , very black . '' 
mr. guber got his start in the movie business at columbia two decades ago . 
UNKNOWN from new york university 's UNKNOWN program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` the way we were , '' `` taxi UNKNOWN , '' `` UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN . '' 
in 9999 , he UNKNOWN up with record producer neil bogart in UNKNOWN records and UNKNOWN -- later called UNKNOWN pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` the deep , '' and `` midnight express . '' 
in 9999 , mr. guber got together with mr. peters , by then a successful producer in his own right , after the death of mr. bogart . 
while guber peters produced a number of hits for warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive . 
among their UNKNOWN were `` the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' `` UNKNOWN , '' `` UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN bear . '' 
and the failures make it possible for warner in its current lawsuit to UNKNOWN the producers as UNKNOWN . 
the studio says it stuck with them `` even in the early years when the creative partnership was not particularly profitable for warner . '' 
mr. guber replies that `` this is a UNKNOWN , this time warner , trying to UNKNOWN up two UNKNOWN who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
mr. guber and mr. peters maintain that executives at warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that warner never felt threatened until they linked up with sony . 
`` from the beginning , { they } knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says mr. guber . 
on a number of UNKNOWN , he adds , he tried to get warner to buy guber peters outright . 
`` they always UNKNOWN , but they never acted , '' mr. guber says . 
in 9999 , mr. guber and mr. peters contributed their company 's assets in exchange for a 99 % stake in UNKNOWN entertainment , a UNKNOWN tv production company controlled by giant industries inc. chairman UNKNOWN sugarman . 
in july a year later , warner agreed to release the producers from their old contract when messrs. guber , peters and sugarman made a $ 999 million offer to buy 99 % of mgm / ua . 
mr. guber and mr. peters planned to run the nearly UNKNOWN mgm studio , and the two even tried to interest warner UNKNOWN . ' president terry semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal . 
but the mgm plan collapsed just two weeks later . 
mr. guber and mr. peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
their relationship with mr. sugarman UNKNOWN shortly thereafter . 
last may , he sold his 99 % stake in UNKNOWN to a passive australian investor and UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN guber peters entertainment co . 
meanwhile , mr. guber and mr. peters had agreed to extend their warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract . 
the new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
but it UNKNOWN by comparison to what sony was to offer last month : the chance , at last , to run a major studio , about $ 99 million in UNKNOWN compensation , up to 99 % of columbia 's future cash flow , 9 % of the future appreciation of columbia 's market value , and annual salaries of $ 9.9 million for each . 
the producers ' 99 % share of publicly held guber peters would net them an additional $ 99 million . 
sony also agreed to UNKNOWN the producers against any liability to warner . 
sony is paying a hefty price for a company that had revenue of only $ 99 million last year . 
and earnings have been UNKNOWN . 
in the the latest quarter , thanks in part to `` batman , '' guber peters earned $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared to a loss of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in last year 's quarter . 
guber peters stock , which traded as low as $ 9 a share last year , closed yesterday at $ 99.999 . 
the two sides now are UNKNOWN each other of lying . 
mr. guber and mr. peters claim they have an UNKNOWN agreement with warner executives that allows them to UNKNOWN their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio UNKNOWN . 
but in UNKNOWN filed yesterday in the los angeles court , mr. ross , warner bros. chairman robert daly and president semel deny that such an UNKNOWN agreement was ever made . 
warner , in its court filings , calls it `` a piece of UNKNOWN created for this litigation . '' 
mr. daly in his affidavit acknowledges that warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over mgm but says that situation was altogether different . 
for one thing , according to mr. daly , the producers requested a release in advance . 
moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of guber peters pictures for warner was n't as strong as it is now . 
warner itself was in negotiations with mgm over certain movie and other rights , and it was `` in warner 's interest to accommodate mgm / ua , guber and peters by UNKNOWN them to become mgm executives , '' mr. daly said in his affidavit . 
warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let mr. guber and mr. peters go off to columbia . 
at the very least , mr. ross clearly sees an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from sony . 
during settlement talks , for example , warner demanded such things as cable tv rights to columbia movies and columbia 's interest in the studio it jointly owns with warner , according to executives involved in the talks . 
in any settlement , warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 99 or so projects mr. guber and mr. peters have locked up for the next few years , notably UNKNOWN to `` batman . '' 
mr. guber and mr. peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the sony offer before taking it up with warner . 
and they say there are plenty of UNKNOWN in hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
the last time columbia pictures was looking for a studio chief , they note , warner released producer david UNKNOWN from his contract , then took him back after he was subsequently fired by his bosses at columbia . 
in his affidavit filed yesterday , warner 's mr. ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` if sony succeeds here , no written contract in hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
the sales pitch could n't sound better . 
first , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing . 
and there 's more . 
the assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions . 
most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
their yields are higher than those of u.s. treasury issues . 
and the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors . 
ready to jump ? 
well , think twice . 
the concept may be simple : take a UNKNOWN of loans , tie them up in one UNKNOWN package , and sell pieces of the package to investors . 
but the UNKNOWN may be misleading . 
UNKNOWN say the slightly higher returns are n't enough to compensate for the extra risk . 
they UNKNOWN that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
moreover , the securities were introduced only about 9 9\/9 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession . 
`` a lot of this stuff really is in UNKNOWN waters , '' says owen UNKNOWN , director of the investment securities division of the u.s. comptroller of the currency . 
`` we do n't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn . '' 
such concerns , however , have n't stopped asset-backed securities from becoming one of wall street 's hottest new products . 
since the spring of 9999 , financial UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
they have sold issues backed by car loans , UNKNOWN loans and UNKNOWN loans . 
they have offered UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
last year , there was an issue of `` UNKNOWN bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
some predict there will be `` third world bonds , '' backed by loans to brazil , argentina and other UNKNOWN nations . 
and the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . '' 
`` this is the UNKNOWN of debt , '' says james grant , editor of grant 's interest rate UNKNOWN , a newsletter . 
`` before the sun sets on the '99s , it seems nothing will be left UNKNOWN . '' 
the result is a $ 99 billion market , according to securities data co . 
that includes more than $ 9.9 billion issued through august of this year , up sharply from $ 9.9 billion in the comparable 9999 period -- and more than in all of 9999 . 
most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions . 
but wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
the entry fee is affordable : issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 9,999 . 
`` we expect additional offerings '' of asset-backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says bill UNKNOWN , a senior vice president at shearson lehman hutton inc . 
the process typically begins when an institution , such as citibank or sears , roebuck & co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust . 
the trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by wall street brokerage firms and offered to investors . 
issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
UNKNOWN say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions . 
asset-backed securities `` are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , '' says craig j. goldberg , managing director and head of the asset-backed securities group at merrill lynch capital markets . 
but UNKNOWN question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks . 
consider a $ 999 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by citibank credit-card receivables . 
the UNKNOWN issue offered a yield of only about 9.9 percentage point above four-year treasury issues . 
on a $ 99,999 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 99 a year . 
that kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose UNKNOWN depends on UNKNOWN the money manager across the street . 
but for individuals who buy much smaller amounts and care less about relative performance than in UNKNOWN what they have , that margin is UNKNOWN . 
`` if you 're in the bond business playing the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , then even an extra 99 basis points ( 9.99 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says mr. grant . 
`` but if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . '' 
moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
that 's why some investment managers , such as alex powers , a vice president of chase manhattan bank 's private banking division , do n't recommend most asset-backed issues for individuals in UNKNOWN states , such as new york or california . 
but mr. powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with UNKNOWN accounts , such as retirement plans . 
he points out that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher UNKNOWN over treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts . 
another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
the secondary , or UNKNOWN , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for treasury issues . 
that could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature . 
that 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by UNKNOWN loans . 
`` you could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a UNKNOWN traded market , '' says jonathan s. paris , a vice president of european investors inc. , a new york UNKNOWN firm . 
in addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the new york stock exchange , can simply check newspaper UNKNOWN . 
there are n't any such UNKNOWN for asset-backed securities . 
evaluating asset-backed securities UNKNOWN another problem . 
investors , for instance , may UNKNOWN assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities . 
it is n't . 
the front cover of the prospectus for the citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , citibank UNKNOWN , citicorp or any affiliate UNKNOWN . '' 
in other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect citibank to come to the rescue . 
the prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency . 
that means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit UNKNOWN for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received . 
that also is n't easy . 
take the `` credit enhancements , '' which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a UNKNOWN company . 
the letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities . 
nor does it cover the entire portfolio . 
details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue . 
still , they play a crucial role in winning top ratings for most asset-backed issues -- which in turn is why the yield above treasurys is so slim . 
but UNKNOWN ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on UNKNOWN paper . 
when you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties . 
if a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to third world nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
underwriters insist these issues are UNKNOWN to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
but despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the underlying assets . 
at a time when americans are leveraged to their UNKNOWN , asset-backed investors may be taking a UNKNOWN gamble that consumers will be able to repay loans in hard times . 
at the very least , a recession would UNKNOWN investors to buy the UNKNOWN bonds they can find -- that is , treasurys . 
that could UNKNOWN the yield spread between treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to UNKNOWN the latter . 
but it could be much worse . 
some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues . 
for one thing , credit-card loans are unsecured . 
in addition , they fear that banks have been UNKNOWN to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big UNKNOWN who will default during a recession . 
`` a day of UNKNOWN is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the UNKNOWN debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is u.s. government bonds , '' says craig UNKNOWN of davis / UNKNOWN futures inc. , an investment advisory firm . 
what about UNKNOWN asset-backed issues ? 
`` UNKNOWN , we still say to stick with treasurys , '' mr. UNKNOWN replies . 
ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
all this makes asset-backed securities seem too risky for many people . 
and it UNKNOWN raymond f. devoe jr. , a market strategist at UNKNOWN mason wood walker inc. , of what he calls `` devoe 's UNKNOWN but highly UNKNOWN theory no. 9 : 
`` more money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock UNKNOWN , scams and UNKNOWN of all time . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is a staff reporter in the wall street journal 's new york bureau . 
volume of asset-backed securities issued annually 
\* principal amount 
\*\* as of august 99 
\* principal amount 
source : securities data co . 
if you force financial planners to sum up their most important advice in a single sentence , it would probably be a UNKNOWN sentence : diversify . 
judging by a poll of wall street journal readers conducted this summer by UNKNOWN & morgan inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart . 
nearly 9,999 investors responded to the journal 's poll , providing an UNKNOWN look at their portfolios . 
those portfolios are UNKNOWN diversified . 
by spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives , the respondents have protected themselves against UNKNOWN in any one area , be it stocks , bonds or real estate . 
for example , about 99 % of journal readers owned stock ( down slightly from 99 % in a similar poll last year ) . 
but only 99.9 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market . 
similarly , 99 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 99 % own municipal bonds . 
but only 9 % to 9 % of the investors were UNKNOWN more than half their funds to either of those alternatives . 
the poll , conducted aug. UNKNOWN , also provides a UNKNOWN into the thinking of serious investors on a variety of other UNKNOWN . 
it found them in a cautious , but not UNKNOWN , mood . 
of 9,999 people sent a UNKNOWN , 999 UNKNOWN . 
the response rate , more than 99 % , allows the results to be interpreted with a high degree of confidence . 
the results ca n't be UNKNOWN to all investors , though . 
journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 99,999 and $ 99,999 . 
nearly half of the respondents ( 99 % ) said their investment portfolio was worth $ 999,999 or more , and 99 % said it was worth $ 9 million or more . 
the respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their UNKNOWN judgments were a UNKNOWN more UNKNOWN than they were a year ago . 
for example , 99 % of this year 's respondents said they expect a recession within 99 months . 
last year , only 9 % were expecting a recession . 
an additional 99 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 99 months . 
only 99 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much . 
a slim majority ( 99 % ) think stock prices will be higher in august 9999 than they were in august 9999 . 
their verdict on real estate is almost the same . 
some 99 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 99 months . 
by contrast , only 99 % expect an increase in the price of gold . 
since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control . 
even though only 99 % actually predicted a recession , many respondents were taking a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN investment stance . 
nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession . 
for the most part , the changes were `` slight . '' 
the two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more UNKNOWN were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 99 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 99 % ) or are `` UNKNOWN if and when a recession might come '' ( about 99 % ) . 
a UNKNOWN approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents . 
most own two to 99 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
some 99 % had bought some stock in the past year ; only 99 % had sold any . 
but the UNKNOWN shadow of 9999 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
about 99 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 99 % said one is `` unlikely . '' 
those UNKNOWN hardly changed from the previous year 's poll . 
and the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat UNKNOWN than usual . 
about 99 % of them said they would `` ordinarily '' have at least 99 % of their money in stocks . 
but as of august , only 99 % actually had stock-market investments of that size . 
most stock-market indexes were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN highs at around the time of the poll . 
but it appears that many journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN covers investing issues from the wall street journal 's new york bureau . 
canadian steel UNKNOWN production totaled 999,999 metric tons in the week ended oct. 99 , down 9.9 % from the preceding week 's total of 999,999 tons , statistics canada , a federal agency , said . 
the week 's total was down 9.9 % from 999,999 tons a year earlier . 
a metric ton is equal to 9,999.99 pounds . 
the cumulative total in 9999 was 99,999,999 tons , up 9.9 % from 99,999,999 tons a year earlier . 
health care property investors inc. said it acquired three long-term care facilities and one UNKNOWN facility in a UNKNOWN transaction valued at $ 99 million . 
the real estate investment trust said that it UNKNOWN the three florida facilities to national health care affiliates inc. of UNKNOWN , n.y . 
health care property holds an interest in 999 facilities in 99 states . 
moody 's investors service said it lowered its rating on about $ 99 million of this UNKNOWN , calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 9999 , to UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN . 
it said the reduction reflects UNKNOWN business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of UNKNOWN disk drives . 
valley national corp. -- 
moody 's investors service inc. said it lowered its rating on about $ 999 million of this bank holding company 's senior debt to UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN . 
moody 's said it expects valley national , of phoenix , ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions . 
electronic theft by foreign and industrial UNKNOWN and disgruntled employees is UNKNOWN u.s. companies billions and UNKNOWN their international competitive advantage . 
that was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an UNKNOWN conference on corporate electronic UNKNOWN . 
`` hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from u.s. companies and share it with their own companies , '' said UNKNOWN d. UNKNOWN , a former UNKNOWN at the federal national security agency and now president of information security inc. , silver spring , md . 
it `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of UNKNOWN u.s. firms , said UNKNOWN van UNKNOWN , the white house 's assistant director for national security affairs . 
the conference was jointly sponsored by the new york institute of technology school of management and the armed forces communications and electronics association , a joint UNKNOWN trade group . 
any secret can be UNKNOWN , the experts said , if it is UNKNOWN over the air . 
even rank UNKNOWN can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a UNKNOWN available UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
they need only position themselves near a company 's satellite UNKNOWN and wait . 
`` you can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' mr. UNKNOWN said , adding : `` it 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . '' 
the only way to catch an electronic UNKNOWN , he said , is to set him up with UNKNOWN information . 
even though electronic UNKNOWN may cost u.s. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking UNKNOWN , the experts said . 
by contrast , european firms will spend $ 999 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 9 billion by 9999 . 
already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own UNKNOWN , conference UNKNOWN reported . 
still , UNKNOWN corporate communications is only a partial remedy . 
one expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected UNKNOWN of east european refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of UNKNOWN workers , for example , doubling as foreign UNKNOWN . 
moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
he said that oliver north of iran-contra UNKNOWN thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later UNKNOWN for congressional committees to read . 
no personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
w. mark UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN inc. , a UNKNOWN , texas , firm that makes UNKNOWN products , provided a new definition for mikhail gorbachev 's campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost . 
under mr. gorbachev , mr. UNKNOWN said , the soviets are openly stealing western corporate communications . 
he cited the case of a swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via UNKNOWN for an oil UNKNOWN to pick up a cargo of crude in the middle east . 
among the responses the swiss trader got was one from the soviet national shipping company , which had n't been invited to submit a bid . 
the soviets ' UNKNOWN paid off , however , because they got the contract . 
the university of toronto stepped deeper into the contest for connaught UNKNOWN inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with ciba-geigy ltd. and chiron corp . 
the university said the two companies agreed to spend 99 million canadian dollars ( $ 99.9 million ) over 99 years on research at canadian UNKNOWN if they are successful in acquiring the UNKNOWN maker . 
it said $ 99 million would go to the university of toronto . 
ciba-geigy and chiron have made a joint bid of c$ 999 million for connaught , and UNKNOWN merieux s.a. of france has made a rival bid of c$ 999 million . 
the university is seeking an injunction against the merieux bid , arguing that connaught 's predecessor company agreed in 9999 that connaught 's ownership would n't be transferred to foreigners . 
the university UNKNOWN that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if ciba-geigy and chiron are successful with their lower bid . 
it said the new agreement would `` replace '' the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the merieux takeover . 
`` UNKNOWN foreign ownership of connaught , this accord would UNKNOWN research and development in canada , '' said james UNKNOWN , the university 's vice president of research . 
ciba-geigy is a swiss pharmaceutical company and chiron is based in UNKNOWN , calif . 
in a statement , UNKNOWN martin , director general of merieux , said the french company is still determined to acquire connaught . 
while he did n't comment directly on the pact between ciba-geigy and the university , he said merieux can transfer new products and technologies to connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing UNKNOWN { who } can only promise this for some ... years in the future . '' 
in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , connaught closed at $ 99.999 , up $ 9.99 . 
microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on UNKNOWN volume . 
leading the pack , microsoft soared 9 9\/9 , or 9 % , to a record price of 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
on the other hand , valley national tumbled 99 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss . 
the nasdaq composite UNKNOWN 9.99 points , or 9.9 % , to 999.99 . 
its largest previous rise this year came aug. 9 , when it gained 9.99 . 
the otc market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the nasdaq 999 index jumped 99.99 , or 9 % , to 999.99 . 
the nasdaq financial index rose 9.99 , or 9.9 % , to 999.99 . 
by comparison , the dow jones industrials and the new york stock exchange composite each rose 9.9 % . 
volume totaled 999.9 million shares , 99 % above this year 's average daily turnover on nasdaq . 
among broader nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 99.99 to 999.99 . 
the transportation and insurance sectors each posted gains of 9.99 , with the UNKNOWN finishing at 999.99 and the insurers at 999.99 . 
the nasdaq industrial index climbed 9.99 to 999.99 , and the `` other finance '' index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 9.99 to 999.99 . 
the index of smaller banks improved 9.99 . 
of the 9,999 issues that changed hands , 9,999 rose and 999 fell . 
UNKNOWN mullins , head of otc trading at dean witter reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying . 
but there was a UNKNOWN of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to UNKNOWN them . 
`` there 's no pressure on otc stocks at this point , '' said mr. mullins , who said some buyers are beginning to shop among smaller otc issues . 
microsoft 's surge followed a report this week of substantially improved earnings for its first quarter , ended sept. 99 . 
the stock was trading at 99 just two weeks ago . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a goldman sachs analyst , has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks , citing improved margins . 
after the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 9999 estimate to between $ 9.99 and $ 9 a share . 
microsoft earned $ 9.99 a share in fiscal 9999 . 
among other software issues , UNKNOWN jumped 9 9\/9 to 99 , lotus development was unchanged at 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN jumped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , ashton-tate gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and UNKNOWN systems rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN , a new software issue , surged from its offering price of 99 to close at 99 9\/9 . 
the company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
UNKNOWN was underwritten by alex . brown & sons . 
another recently offered alex . brown issue , rally 's , surged 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
the operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last friday , climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 on 999,999 shares . 
its 9.9 UNKNOWN offering was priced at 99 . 
valley national 's slide of 9 9\/9 points to 99 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares followed its report late wednesday of a $ 99.9 million third-quarter loss . 
in the 9999 quarter , the phoenix , ariz. , commercial banking concern earned $ 99.9 million . 
valley national said its $ 999 million provision for credit losses and $ 99 million provision for other real estate owned is related to weakness in the arizona real estate market . 
UNKNOWN , moody 's investors service said it downgraded valley national 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of `` not prime . '' 
a new issue , UNKNOWN , surged 9 9\/9 from its initial offering price to close at 99 9\/9 . 
the offering was for about 9.9 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 9.9 million shares changed hands after trading began . 
dell computer dropped 9\/9 to 9 . 
the company said earnings for the year ending jan. 99 , 9999 , are expected to be 99 to 99 cents a share , compared with a previous estimate of 99 to 99 cents a share . 
UNKNOWN industries lost 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
raymond james & associates in st. UNKNOWN , fla. , lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company , according to dow jones professional investor report . 
a.p. green industries advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
east rock partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said a.p. green , a UNKNOWN products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
row 99 of section 9 of the upper UNKNOWN at candlestick park is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , only a few steps from the very top of the stands . 
from my orange seat , i looked over the UNKNOWN line and the UNKNOWN ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the world series . 
it was five in the afternoon , but that was pacific time . 
back in new york the work day was already over , so i did n't have to feel guilty . 
even still , i did feel UNKNOWN , and i could n't help UNKNOWN my father 's UNKNOWN for a rich medical UNKNOWN who would go to watch the UNKNOWN on summer UNKNOWN . 
this UNKNOWN , the stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too UNKNOWN , too much UNKNOWN concrete . 
and it did n't have the crowded wild UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN stadium . 
but i UNKNOWN the easy UNKNOWN of the people around me , UNKNOWN it that they 'd brought their children , found it UNKNOWN that , true citizens of the state of the future , they had brought so many tvs and UNKNOWN to stay in touch with UNKNOWN at a live event . 
maybe it was their UNKNOWN sense of history . 
the UNKNOWN were , after all , UNKNOWN the game , UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN for millions outside the stick . 
why not watch or hear your experience UNKNOWN while you were living it ? 
the day was UNKNOWN with the weight of its own impending history . 
long lines of people waited to buy special UNKNOWN world series UNKNOWN with official UNKNOWN . 
thousands of us had paid $ 9 for the official UNKNOWN book with its historical UNKNOWN on series UNKNOWN , its historical photographs of great moments in series past , and its instructions , in english and spanish , for filling in the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to UNKNOWN . 
it must be a local UNKNOWN , i thought , UNKNOWN feet to welcome the team . 
but then the noise turned into a UNKNOWN . 
and no one was UNKNOWN . 
no one around me was saying anything . 
because we all were busy UNKNOWN a wave . 
UNKNOWN thousand UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a concrete wall , waiting for the UNKNOWN . 
only at the moment of maximum roll did i UNKNOWN what was going on . 
then i UNKNOWN the quake of '99 , which i experienced in santa barbara in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN room . 
when the UNKNOWN of the building UNKNOWN me up , i UNKNOWN that a ) i was in southern california ; b ) the bed was moving ; c ) it must be a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bed that had UNKNOWN . 
then i noticed the overhead light was UNKNOWN on its UNKNOWN and realized what had happened . 
what should i do ? 
get out of the possibly UNKNOWN building to the parking lot . 
but the lot might split into UNKNOWN , so i had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average UNKNOWN . 
fortunately , the quake was over before i managed to run out and stand UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN . 
at the stick , while the world shook , i thought of that morning and then it struck me that this time was different . 
if i survived , i would have achieved every UNKNOWN 's highest wish . 
i was an UNKNOWN of the most UNKNOWN event on the planet at that moment . 
what was my UNKNOWN ? 
how would i file ? 
all these UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through my head in the 99 seconds of the earthquake 's actual UNKNOWN . 
the rest is , of course , history . 
the stick did n't fall . 
the real UNKNOWN occurred elsewhere , as we soon found out . 
but for a few minutes there , relief UNKNOWN . 
a young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a UNKNOWN . 
the wall behind me was slightly UNKNOWN , but the center had held . 
and most of us waited for a while for the game to start . 
then we began to file out , to wait UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for the opening pitch . 
it was during the quiet exodus down the UNKNOWN concrete UNKNOWN of the stick that i really understood the point of all those UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the crowd moved in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN around an electronic UNKNOWN . 
in this way , while the stick itself was UNKNOWN out , we kept up to date on events . 
within 99 minutes of the quake itself , i was able to see pictures of the collapsed section of the bay bridge . 
increasingly accurate estimates of the UNKNOWN of the quake became available before i got to my car . 
and by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the UNKNOWN parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black UNKNOWN of smoke we saw on the northern horizon . 
UNKNOWN fell . 
but the UNKNOWN continued through the UNKNOWN night , with pictures of the UNKNOWN highway UNKNOWN in oakland and UNKNOWN in the marina district . 
by then , our little sand village of cars had been linked with a global village of UNKNOWN and viewers . 
everyone at the stick that day had started out as a UNKNOWN and ended up as a UNKNOWN . 
in fact , the entire population of the bay area had ended up with this UNKNOWN role of actor and audience . 
the reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into UNKNOWN reporters . 
the outstanding example of this was the UNKNOWN on the bay bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway . 
the tape was on tv before the night was out . 
marshall UNKNOWN , you should have been there at that hour . 
investors who received shearson lehman hutton inc. 's latest stock commentary may be left with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the first 99 pages of the UNKNOWN weekly portfolio perspective are completely UNKNOWN , except for the page numbers . 
rather than UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market . 
the plunge made shearson 's market commentary instantly out of date . 
in fact , last friday 's 999.99-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as shearson that print their weekly market UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN the following week . 
shearson , a 99%-owned unit of american express co. , did n't have enough time to UNKNOWN its market commentary so , `` we decided to kill our strategy pieces , '' says jack UNKNOWN , the head of shearson 's research department . 
the first thought some investors had was that a UNKNOWN shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it UNKNOWN its pages . 
investors UNKNOWN that shearson last week had been advising that `` the market is still UNKNOWN all the signs of a further advance . '' 
many other brokerage firms had similarly bullish views . 
but mr. UNKNOWN insists that the 99 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
instead , he says , `` they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver '' on monday . 
as mr. UNKNOWN explains it , `` we were raising some caution UNKNOWN about rate rises in europe and concerns about the lbo market . 
and by late friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
with the market down , we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening . '' 
both before and after the friday plunge , shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio UNKNOWN of 99 % stocks , 99 % bonds and 99 % cash . 
UNKNOWN b. UNKNOWN , chairman of UNKNOWN & co. , and john l. murray , chairman of universal foods corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker . 
they succeed robert w. UNKNOWN and john r. parker , who reached the UNKNOWN retirement age . 
china 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall . 
in a report on china 's UNKNOWN economy , the official state statistical bureau disclosed that industrial output last month rose 9.9 % from a year earlier - the lowest growth rate in a decade for september . 
retail sales are UNKNOWN , while consumer prices still are rising . 
chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged UNKNOWN : low growth and high inflation . 
`` the economy is UNKNOWN hard , '' says an asian economist in beijing . 
`` the slowdown is taking hold a lot more quickly and UNKNOWN than anyone had expected . '' 
a lengthy recession , if it UNKNOWN , would drain state UNKNOWN and create severe UNKNOWN for urban workers . 
experts predict the coming year will be UNKNOWN by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a UNKNOWN budget deficit . 
unless the government suddenly UNKNOWN course , wages for most workers wo n't keep pace with inflation , creating a potential source of urban unrest . 
the economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the UNKNOWN program launched in september 9999 to cool an UNKNOWN economy and UNKNOWN inflation . 
( industrial output surged 99 % in 9999 , while inflation peaked last february at nearly 99 % . ) 
the slowdown also results from chronic energy and UNKNOWN shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
in western , UNKNOWN countries , recessions often have a bright side : UNKNOWN the economy to greater efficiency . 
in china , however , there is n't likely to be any silver UNKNOWN because the economy remains UNKNOWN primarily by the state . 
instead , china is likely to shell out UNKNOWN subsidies to its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN enterprises , which UNKNOWN up $ 99 billion in UNKNOWN last year . 
nor are any of these UNKNOWN UNKNOWN likely to be allowed to go UNKNOWN . 
rather , the UNKNOWN of the slowdown will be felt in the UNKNOWN private and UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' enterprises , which have fallen into UNKNOWN as china 's leaders UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN preference for public ownership . 
`` when the going gets rough , china UNKNOWN the efficient and rewards the incompetent , '' says a western economist . 
reports of an economy near recession come as officials prepare a major communist party UNKNOWN for sometime in the next few weeks . 
the meeting is expected to call for heightened UNKNOWN for two years . 
but with industrial growth UNKNOWN and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
some analysts believe china soon will begin UNKNOWN economic controls , particularly by UNKNOWN credit . 
that would benefit chinese enterprises as well as UNKNOWN joint ventures , both of which have been plagued by shortages of working capital . 
a dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in UNKNOWN debts UNKNOWN , if UNKNOWN , to bring the economy to a collapse . 
one sign of a possible easing of credit policy was the decision this week of people 's bank of china , the central bank , to UNKNOWN $ 9.9 billion in short-term loans to pay farmers for the autumn harvest , the official china daily reported . 
but while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of UNKNOWN another period of UNKNOWN growth and steep inflation . 
the cycle has been repeated several times since china began UNKNOWN its planned economy in 9999 . 
and , because china 's leaders have abandoned plans to UNKNOWN reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say . 
the statistical bureau 's report , cited in china daily , notes that industrial output in september totaled $ 99.9 billion , a rise of just 9.9 % from a year earlier . 
output declined in several provinces , including UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , two key coastal areas , and UNKNOWN , the nation 's agricultural UNKNOWN . 
production in UNKNOWN , china 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 9.9 % for the month . 
nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 9.9 % -- `` the first decline in 99 years , '' a bureau spokesman told china daily . 
in an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to UNKNOWN so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods . 
`` this will prevent a slide in industrial production , which will otherwise cause new panic UNKNOWN , '' the spokesman said . 
the 9999 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of president reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are UNKNOWN up for tax UNKNOWN all over capitol hill . 
real-estate executives are lobbying to ease UNKNOWN rules . 
charitable groups are trying to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN for contributions made by individuals who do n't UNKNOWN their deductions . 
big auction houses want to make UNKNOWN eligible for lower capital-gains taxes . 
and UNKNOWN lobbyists are quietly discussing the possibility of UNKNOWN the investment tax credit . 
`` everything is up for UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
adds robert UNKNOWN , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` it appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . '' 
the catalyst has been the congressional move to restore UNKNOWN tax treatment for capital gains , an effort that is likely to succeed in this congress . 
other fundamental `` reforms '' of the 9999 act have been threatened as well . 
the house seriously considered raising the top tax rate paid by individuals with the highest UNKNOWN . 
the senate finance committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income UNKNOWN for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
as part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member sen. david UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) calls a `` UNKNOWN frenzy '' of special-interest UNKNOWN . 
the beneficiaries would range from UNKNOWN growers to rich UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN shops . 
to be sure , the full senate , facing a UNKNOWN budget deadline , last friday stripped away all of the tax breaks that were contained in the finance committee bill . 
but lawmakers of both parties agree that the UNKNOWN was temporary . 
other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and UNKNOWN provisions . 
`` there is n't any doubt that the UNKNOWN of the '99 code has been given a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' says rep. thomas downey ( d. , n.y . ) . 
`` you 'll see the annual UNKNOWN of it . '' 
`` it 's back to UNKNOWN time for the select few , '' says rep. william gray of pennsylvania , the UNKNOWN democrat in the house . 
referring to the chairmen of the senate and house UNKNOWN committees , he adds , `` next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on lloyd UNKNOWN 's door , on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's door . '' 
many groups are n't waiting that long . 
just last week , a house ways and means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the UNKNOWN of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's a UNKNOWN factory and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN pretty good , '' UNKNOWN one veteran lobbyist who was watching the proceedings . 
even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 9999 bill , are encouraged . 
the return of UNKNOWN tax breaks such as those for capital gains and iras `` creates more of a mood or a UNKNOWN that is helpful for getting better depreciation ( write-offs ) or investment credits , '' says paul UNKNOWN , a vice president for the national association of manufacturers . 
corporate lobbyist UNKNOWN walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` UNKNOWN . '' 
in reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the UNKNOWN train . 
real-estate interests , for example , are UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN in president bush 's capital-gains proposal : it does n't include real-estate gains . 
`` if there is going to be a tax scheme that UNKNOWN lower treatment of capital gains , they certainly want to be part of it , '' says real-estate lobbyist wayne UNKNOWN of concord associates . 
in the house-passed tax bill , mr. UNKNOWN got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision . 
but sotheby 's , christie 's and the national association of UNKNOWN dealers are still trying to get theirs . 
they have sent a letter to congressional UNKNOWN asking that gains from the sale of UNKNOWN also be given UNKNOWN treatment . 
`` UNKNOWN should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
all of this talk is UNKNOWN to the tax reform act of 9999 . 
in exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the UNKNOWN of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the UNKNOWN , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others . 
the goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent UNKNOWN equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes . 
two of the major ways that UNKNOWN managed to UNKNOWN these ends were to scrap the UNKNOWN treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses , also known as passive losses , that made many tax shelters possible . 
many other tax benefits also were UNKNOWN away . 
this year congress , with UNKNOWN from president bush , has been busy trying to put many of these same tax preferences back into the code . 
it appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN will be enacted . 
other tax benefits probably will be restored and created . 
the main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them . 
`` the '99 act was a UNKNOWN . 
they wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( r. , ohio ) . 
so , is the tax code now open game again ? 
mr. UNKNOWN thinks so . 
one recent saturday morning he stayed inside the capitol monitoring UNKNOWN talks instead of flying to san francisco for a UNKNOWN and then to his UNKNOWN of chicago for the 99th UNKNOWN of st. UNKNOWN high school . 
`` i 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what i did , '' the 99-year-old mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` these days , anything can happen . 
lufthansa ag said passenger volume climbed 9.9 % for the first nine months of 9999 to 99.9 million passengers from 99.9 million passengers in the year-earlier period . 
the west german national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 99 % to 999,999 metric tons from 999,999 tons a year ago . 
load factor , or percentage of seats filled , climbed to 99.9 % from 99.9 % , even though the number of flights rose 9.9 % to 999,999 in the UNKNOWN quarters . 
from january through september , the distance UNKNOWN by lufthansa airplanes rose 9.9 % to 999.9 million UNKNOWN from a year earlier , the company added . 
raymond chandler , in a 9999 letter UNKNOWN a weak UNKNOWN book , UNKNOWN a champion writer to a baseball UNKNOWN . 
when the UNKNOWN has lost his stuff , the great mystery UNKNOWN wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead . 
he throws something . 
he does n't just walk off the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . '' 
chandler might have been predicting the course of his own career . 
his last published novel featuring private UNKNOWN philip marlowe , the UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' ( 9999 ) , at times read almost like a UNKNOWN of his previous work . 
when he died in 9999 , chandler left behind four UNKNOWN of yet another marlowe book , `` the poodle springs story , '' which seemed to go beyond UNKNOWN into something like UNKNOWN . 
`` UNKNOWN '' chandler 's last pitch , apparently , was a UNKNOWN . 
now robert parker , author of several best sellers featuring UNKNOWN , a contemporary private eye in the marlowe UNKNOWN , has with the UNKNOWN of the chandler estate been hired to complete `` the poodle springs story . '' 
the result , `` poodle springs '' ( UNKNOWN 's , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) is an UNKNOWN , easy to read and fairly UNKNOWN extension of the marlowe UNKNOWN , full of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and california color . 
if it does not quite have chandler 's special UNKNOWN -- well , at the end , neither did chandler . 
as the book begins , a newly UNKNOWN marlowe UNKNOWN into the desert resort of poodle ( UNKNOWN . palm ) springs at the UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
his UNKNOWN is the rich and beautiful UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a character who also appeared in chandler 's `` the long UNKNOWN '' and `` UNKNOWN . '' 
philip and UNKNOWN move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the UNKNOWN / japanese UNKNOWN . 
but the UNKNOWN have a conflict . 
he wants to continue being a UNKNOWN private eye , and she wants him to live off the million dollars she 's settled on him . 
that 's chandler 's UNKNOWN . 
mr. parker UNKNOWN it into a pretty UNKNOWN UNKNOWN involving poodle springs high life , hollywood low life and various UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN their hats in both UNKNOWN . 
the supporting lineup is solid , the UNKNOWN is amusing and there 's even a UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the `` good UNKNOWN '' of previous chandler books who still does n't UNKNOWN to have marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
the style throughout bears a strong UNKNOWN to chandler 's UNKNOWN at its most UNKNOWN down . 
all told , mr. parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned UNKNOWN than anyone might have had a right to expect . 
but there are grounds for complaint . 
at one point , the reader is two steps ahead of marlowe in UNKNOWN on to a double UNKNOWN scam -- and marlowe is supposed to be the pro . 
more UNKNOWN , there are several apparent UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , tank tops , UNKNOWN openly working the streets of hollywood and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN all seem out of place in the 9999s . 
a little more care in UNKNOWN marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a contributing editor at los angeles magazine . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN spent eight years as the editor in chief of the japanese edition of reader 's digest . 
`` japan has been a major importer of foreign information and news , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` but one gets fed up with importing information and news . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN has turned the tables . 
today , he is publisher of business tokyo magazine , the first UNKNOWN business magazine devoted to coverage of japanese business . 
after a slick UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN magazine has been UNKNOWN this month by its parent company , UNKNOWN corp. , the UNKNOWN company with interests that include financial services , book publishing and a tourist agency . 
printed in the u.s. and carrying the line `` the insider 's japan , '' business tokyo 's october cover story was `` the world 's no. 9 customer '' -- japanese women . 
UNKNOWN is one of a small but growing band of japanese companies taking their first steps into american publishing , after making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here . 
japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the u.s. market , including the new york-based investment banker UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & associates . 
and they are quietly UNKNOWN up with u.s. publishing trade groups . 
`` japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said john UNKNOWN , chairman of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
while there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of sony corp. 's recent $ 9.9 billion agreement to buy columbia pictures entertainment inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size . 
`` the japanese take the long view . '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` it may not be weeks or months , but they are also UNKNOWN and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
in recent months , three big UNKNOWN publishing concerns -- including nikkei business publications , nikkei home ( no UNKNOWN ) , and magazine house -- applied for membership in magazine publishers of america , which represents almost all u.s. consumer magazines . 
japanese involvement in american publishing has been so small to date that magazines such as business tokyo are considered UNKNOWN . 
when UNKNOWN launched business tokyo in 9999 , it appealed to a more UNKNOWN audience . 
the magazine was UNKNOWN with the aid of american magazine design UNKNOWN milton UNKNOWN and walter bernard , and targets UNKNOWN u.s. executives with japanese and american advertisers . 
american publishers appear more than ready to do some selling . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN america inc. , publisher of the japan economic journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a u.s. consumer or business magazine . 
`` the japanese are in the early stage right now , '' said thomas UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN media adviser for first boston corp. who was recently appointed president of reader 's digest association 's new magazine publishing group . 
`` before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft . 
now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as nabisco is a franchise . 
bell atlantic corp. and southern new england telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while nynex corp. , pacific telesis group and u s west inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
rate settlements in minnesota and colorado depressed u s west 's third-quarter profit . 
UNKNOWN u s west said net income dropped 9.9 % , noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its UNKNOWN properties unit . 
revenue dropped 9.9 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion , reflecting declines in its UNKNOWN sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
revenue from UNKNOWN operations grew 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
new telephone lines posted healthy growth . 
overall they increased 9.9 % to 99.9 million , putting u s west over the 99 million mark for the first time . 
business lines increased 9.9 % to 9.9 million . 
`` on a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , '' said jack UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer . 
`` the major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years . '' 
he said the company expects to be `` on target '' with analysts ' projections by year end but conceded that the fourth quarter represents `` a significant challenge . '' 
expenses in the quarter dropped 99.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
yesterday , u s west shares rose 99 cents to close at $ 99.99 in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
UNKNOWN bell atlantic said net rose 9.9 % , aided by strong growth in the UNKNOWN business and an increase in the number of new telephone lines . 
revenue jumped 9.9 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion in the year-ago quarter . 
revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
UNKNOWN revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million . 
bell atlantic added 999,999 new telephone lines in the quarter for a total of 99.9 million . 
the company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 9.9 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed employee stock ownership plans . 
in composite trading on the big board , bell atlantic closed at $ 999.999 , up $ 9.99 a share . 
at nynex , net slumped 99.9 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 99,999 employees , UNKNOWN profit at its new york telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
state and local taxes increased to $ 999.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year ago . 
nynex said expenses rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion , a $ 999 million increase . 
most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in UNKNOWN business units , it added . 
`` our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said william c. ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer . 
`` this deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at new york telephone . '' 
mr. ferguson said a continued softness in new york city area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the UNKNOWN market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
the UNKNOWN strike at nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter . 
nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 99,999 from the previous quarter , which reported an increase of 999,999 new access lines . 
revenue rose to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion , mostly from acquisition of UNKNOWN computers and robust UNKNOWN businesses . 
in big board composite trading yesterday , nynex common closed at $ 99.999 , up $ 9.999 . 
southern new england telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and UNKNOWN subsidiaries , reported that net increased 9.9 % . 
walter h. UNKNOWN jr. , UNKNOWN chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` UNKNOWN marketing of our products and services contributed to increase revenue . '' 
revenue and sales increased 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million a year earlier . 
yellow pages advertising sales rose 99.9 % to $ 99.9 million . 
cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999 million the year before . 
UNKNOWN common rose $ 9.99 to $ 99.99 a share yesterday in composite trading on the big board . 
san UNKNOWN pacific telesis said net declined 99.9 % , primarily because of regulatory action . 
revenue was about flat at $ 9.9 billion . 
revenue was reduced $ 99 million by three extraordinary items : a california public utilities commission refund for an american telephone & telegraph co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 9999 and a one-time UNKNOWN for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies . 
excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share . 
the company also was hurt by a $ 999 million rate reduction that went into effect in 9999 . 
`` this is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , '' said sam UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer . 
pacific telesis said new telephone lines increased 9.9 % for a total of about $ 99.9 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.9 % to 999 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
in big board composite trading yesterday , pacific telesis common closed at $ 99.99 , up 99.9 cents . 
a - includes a one-time gain of $ 99.9 million from a UNKNOWN sale by u s west 's u s west new UNKNOWN group . 
b - includes a $ 99.9 million gain on the sale of UNKNOWN . 
amoco corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 99 % to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits UNKNOWN substantially behind last year 's record level . 
a charge of $ 99 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
a spokesman said amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single UNKNOWN project was responsible . 
in the 9999 third quarter , the chicago-based oil company earned $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue in the latest quarter rose 99 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
aside from the special charge , amoco 's results were in line with wall street estimates . 
the company 's stock ended at $ 99.999 , up 99 cents in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results . 
analysts expect others to show a similar pattern . 
generally in the quarter , UNKNOWN of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability . 
the industry 's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices . 
gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could UNKNOWN . 
american UNKNOWN inc. , a UNKNOWN integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
UNKNOWN blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance UNKNOWN . 
it said net income dropped to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 999 million from $ 999 million . 
chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 999 million last year 's robust levels . 
amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 999 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 9 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said chairman richard m. UNKNOWN . 
amoco also sharply boosted UNKNOWN output , part of it from properties acquired from UNKNOWN inc. last year . 
but foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 99 million from $ 99 million . 
higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 99 million charge related to a 99 % reduction in amoco 's canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
for the nine months , amoco said that net income fell to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion but if unusual items are UNKNOWN , operations produced essentially flat results . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99.99 billion . 
james f. UNKNOWN , former chairman and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN inc. , and richard j. UNKNOWN iii , a dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this UNKNOWN concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
for retailers , christmas , not UNKNOWN , promises to be this year 's UNKNOWN season . 
many retailers fear a price war will UNKNOWN if UNKNOWN companies such as campeau corp. slash UNKNOWN to spur sales . 
concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also UNKNOWN store operators . 
`` profits at christmas could be under attack for every retailer , '' asserts norman UNKNOWN , president and chief operating officer of UNKNOWN inc. , an UNKNOWN chain . 
even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
management UNKNOWN forecasts a 9.9 % profit decline for UNKNOWN retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 9.9 % in 9999 and 9999 . 
`` for the last two and a half years , retailing has been in a UNKNOWN recession , '' says carl UNKNOWN , chief economist at the columbus , ohio , consulting firm . 
this year , many stores are entering the christmas season in turmoil : UNKNOWN teller and b. UNKNOWN parent UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. is operating under chapter 99 of the federal bankruptcy code ; b.a.t industries plc 's healthy saks fifth avenue and marshall field 's chains are on the auction block ; campeau 's bloomingdale 's is also on the block . 
industry observers expect a wide UNKNOWN in performance . 
stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as limited inc. , may department stores co. and UNKNOWN department stores inc. , which should do well . 
`` there are going to be very clear winners and very clear losers , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a touche ross & co. retail consultant . 
says mr. UNKNOWN : `` i 'm looking for a UNKNOWN christmas . '' 
economists expect general merchandise sales in the fourth quarter to rise 9.9 % to 9 % from year-ago figures . 
but mr. UNKNOWN predicts that healthy stores UNKNOWN mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 99 % to 99 % . 
troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 9 % , he believes , as managers UNKNOWN by fears about the future allow their stores to get UNKNOWN . 
thin merchandise UNKNOWN at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
catalog companies are likely to UNKNOWN a bigger threat to all stores this year , particularly in december . 
more than 999 catalog UNKNOWN are promoting a low-cost federal express service that guarantees UNKNOWN delivery of orders made by a certain date . 
`` traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of december because they did n't believe they would get it by christmas , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman of the wine UNKNOWN inc. , which sells wine UNKNOWN and accessories through the mail . 
using federal express delivery last year , mr. UNKNOWN says , `` december was our biggest month . '' 
even sears , roebuck & co. is getting into the act , offering for the first time to have federal express deliver toys ordered by dec. 99 from its wish book catalog . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. chairman joseph e. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN up his outlook for the christmas season as `` not troublesome . '' 
he 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is `` more optimistic than three months ago '' because employment remains strong and inflation low . 
other retailers are also preparing for a UNKNOWN holiday . 
philip m. UNKNOWN , chairman of carter UNKNOWN UNKNOWN stores inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year to rise a modest 9 % to 9 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general . 
`` i 'm not looking for a UNKNOWN christmas at all , '' he says . 
`` it is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says woolworth corp. chairman harold e. sells , `` but it is n't going to be a UNKNOWN either . '' 
mr. sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides woolworth stores includes UNKNOWN and foot UNKNOWN shoe stores and other specialty chains -- to rise `` pretty much in line '' with its UNKNOWN increases of between 9 % and 9 % . 
the estimate includes the results of new stores . 
a consumer poll conducted in early september by leo j. shapiro & associates , a market researcher based in chicago , also suggests a modest holiday . 
of the 999 survey respondents , 99 % said they expect to spend less buying christmas UNKNOWN this year than last year , while 99 % said they expect to spend more and 99 % said their gift budget would stay the same . 
the results are almost UNKNOWN to shapiro 's september 9999 numbers . 
retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar . 
christmas falls on a monday , creating a big UNKNOWN weekend opportunity for stores . 
most will stay open late saturday night and open their doors again sunday . 
but many consumers probably will use the extra time to put off some purchasing until the last minute . 
`` what you 'll hear as we get into december is that sales are sluggish , '' predicts woolworth 's mr. sells . 
`` the week ending the 99th is going to save the entire month for everyone . 
the spanish author UNKNOWN jose cela won the nobel prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the swedish academy 's past UNKNOWN , hardly the most UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN handed out by the UNKNOWN committee . 
in spain , anyway , the 99-year-old mr. cela UNKNOWN some UNKNOWN for the novels and travel books he wrote during the UNKNOWN franco years , the everyday poverty and UNKNOWN atmosphere of which he described in UNKNOWN direct , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , beginning with `` the family of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' ( 9999 ) . 
unlike other writers who either battled the UNKNOWN during the civil war , or left spain when franco UNKNOWN , mr. cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war UNKNOWN some UNKNOWN when he went on to UNKNOWN a country with a high population of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and rural UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through a UNKNOWN land . 
still , it was in UNKNOWN editions that his UNKNOWN first read his story of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a field worker who UNKNOWN his mother to death and has no UNKNOWN as he UNKNOWN his end in a prison cell : `` fate directs some men down the UNKNOWN path , and others down the road UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the lucky ones UNKNOWN out at life with UNKNOWN eyes and UNKNOWN with a face of UNKNOWN at their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the others endure the hot sun of the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN wild UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. cela himself was one of the lucky ones , his fortunes steadily increasing over the decades he spent putting out some 99 UNKNOWN , novels , short story UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
these days , he is as known for his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who shares his life as he is for his books . 
the man who wore out his shoes UNKNOWN around UNKNOWN in 9999 , UNKNOWN in his travel book `` UNKNOWN a la UNKNOWN '' how he UNKNOWN for food and stayed in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , now UNKNOWN spain in a UNKNOWN . 
of his 99 novels , `` the UNKNOWN '' ( 9999 ) , full of sharp UNKNOWN of madrid life and centered on a UNKNOWN run by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN woman with UNKNOWN little UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , used to be available in english , translated by UNKNOWN cohen and published by UNKNOWN press , which now no doubt UNKNOWN UNKNOWN its copyright . 
here is an UNKNOWN : 
the UNKNOWN woman walks on in the direction of the plaza de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
two men have a conversation behind one of the windows of the UNKNOWN on the corner of the boulevard . 
both are young , one UNKNOWN odd , the other UNKNOWN odd . 
the older one looks like a member of the jury for a literary award , the younger one looks like a UNKNOWN . 
it is evident that their conversation runs more or less on the following lines : `` i 've submitted the UNKNOWN of my novel under the title ` UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN , ' and in it i 've treated a few neglected aspects of that UNKNOWN problem which ... '' 
`` UNKNOWN , yes . 
will you UNKNOWN me a drop of water , if you do n't mind ? '' 
`` with UNKNOWN . 
i 've revised it several times and i think i may say with pride that there is not a single UNKNOWN word in the whole text . '' 
`` how interesting . '' 
`` i think so . 
i do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case i feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ... '' 
`` rest assured , we proceed with UNKNOWN fairness . '' 
`` i do n't doubt it for a moment . 
it does not matter if one is defeated , provided the work that gets the award has UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
what 's so discouraging is ... '' 
in passing the window , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gives them a UNKNOWN -- simply out of UNKNOWN . 
ashland oil inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended sept. 99 . 
because of the charge , ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 9999 . 
the oil UNKNOWN said it will report fiscal fourth quarter and 9999 results next week . 
the company earned $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on revenue of $ 9.9 billion in the year-ago fourth quarter . 
for fiscal 9999 , ashland had net of $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on revenue of $ 9.9 billion . 
both revenue figures exclude UNKNOWN taxes . 
the charges consist of : a $ 99 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in ashland 's UNKNOWN consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 99 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 999 million settlement with national iranian oil co. and a $ 99 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its ashland technology corp. subsidiary . 
ashland expects that sale to be complete next year . 
the charge for the UNKNOWN subsidiary is for expected costs to correct problems with certain bed UNKNOWN built for utilities . 
the charge will be added to $ 99 million in reserves established a year ago to cover the cost overruns . 
when president bush UNKNOWN here next week for a UNKNOWN summit organized to UNKNOWN a century of costa rican democracy , will he be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the panamanian UNKNOWN ? 
UNKNOWN mr. bush will be praised by some latin leaders UNKNOWN to pay UNKNOWN service to UNKNOWN , while they privately encourage more UNKNOWN u.s. action to remove gen. manuel noriega and UNKNOWN their countries from a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the panamanian affair is only the tip of a more UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it UNKNOWN in a bush administration decision not to UNKNOWN the u.s. congress and avoid , at all costs , being accused of UNKNOWN in the region . 
the result has been a dangerous UNKNOWN of u.s. leadership , which leaves central america open to soviet UNKNOWN . 
`` the { influence of the } u.s. is not being felt in central america ; washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are UNKNOWN from reality , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a costa rican congressman and former foreign minister . 
the disarray of the bush administration 's latin UNKNOWN was evident in the failure of the organization of american states to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gen. noriega . 
faced with this embarrassment , u.s. UNKNOWN expressed confidence that the influential UNKNOWN group of south american nations , which gathered last week in peru , would take a stronger UNKNOWN toward the panamanian dictator . 
but other than a few UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN , gen. noriega went UNKNOWN by that body , too ; he was not even singled out in the closing statement . 
now mr. bush will come to costa rica and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN daniel UNKNOWN , eager for UNKNOWN opportunities with the u.s. president . 
the host , costa rican president UNKNOWN arias , did not UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , cuba , panama or UNKNOWN to the summit , which was to be restricted to UNKNOWN . 
however , mr. UNKNOWN was included . 
formally upgrading the sandinistas to a democratic status was an initiative UNKNOWN criticized in the costa rican press . 
even carlos manuel UNKNOWN -- the presidential candidate for mr. arias 's national liberation party -- made public his opposition to the presence of nicaragua `` in a democratic UNKNOWN . '' 
nevertheless , the bush administration agreed to the dubious arrangement in july , a few weeks before the central american presidents met in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , to discuss a UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN rebels . 
according to officials in washington , the state department hoped that by UNKNOWN president arias , it would gain his support to UNKNOWN any decision on the UNKNOWN until after mr. UNKNOWN 's promises of democratic elections were tested next february . 
however , relying on an UNKNOWN critic of the reagan administration and the contra movement for help in UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN was risky business . 
and even some UNKNOWN phone calls that mr. bush made ( at the UNKNOWN of some conservative u.s. senators ) to UNKNOWN backing for the u.s. position failed to stop the march of mr. arias 's agenda . 
prior to this UNKNOWN , sen. christopher dodd ( d. , conn. ) , UNKNOWN an open field , UNKNOWN a personal UNKNOWN mission through central america to promote an early UNKNOWN of the rebels . 
visiting nicaragua , he praised the sandinistas for their electoral system and UNKNOWN the bush administration for not rewarding the sandinistas . 
in UNKNOWN , where the UNKNOWN are a hot political issue , he promised to help UNKNOWN some $ 99 million in assistance UNKNOWN due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with washington . 
aid was also the UNKNOWN of the talks sen. dodd had with UNKNOWN president UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; mr. UNKNOWN 's government is very much at the UNKNOWN of u.s. UNKNOWN and is forced to listen very carefully to sen. dodd 's likes and UNKNOWN . 
it was therefore not surprising that close allies of the u.s. , virtually neglected by the bush administration , ordered the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by december , long before the elections . 
UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN `` the dodd plan . '' 
the individual foreign policy carried out by u.s. legislators adds to a UNKNOWN u.s. performance that has UNKNOWN soviet UNKNOWN in central america . 
on oct. 9 , following conversations with secretary of state james baker , soviet foreign minister UNKNOWN shevardnadze arrived in UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN `` nicaragua 's great peace efforts . '' 
there , mr. shevardnadze felt UNKNOWN to unveil his own peace plan : the UNKNOWN would UNKNOWN a suspension of arms shipments to nicaragua after the february election if the u.s. did likewise with its allies in central america . 
he also called on nicaragua 's neighbors to accept a `` military UNKNOWN '' guaranteed by both UNKNOWN . 
the pentagon claims that in spite of moscow 's words , east bloc weapons continue to flow into nicaragua through cuba at UNKNOWN levels . 
since mr. shevardnadze 's proposals followed discussions with mr. baker , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that the bush administration was seeking an UNKNOWN with the soviets in central america . 
this scheme would fit the arias plan , which declared a false UNKNOWN between soviet military aid to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and that provided by washington to freely elected governments . 
furthermore , it is also likely to encourage those on capitol hill asking for cuts in the assistance to el UNKNOWN if president UNKNOWN does not UNKNOWN to demands of the UNKNOWN guerrillas . 
the UNKNOWN condition of u.s. policy in central america is best UNKNOWN by the recent end to u.s. UNKNOWN of radio costa rica . 
in 9999 , the costa rican government requested help to establish a radio station in the northern part of the country , UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
recovering UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was the purpose of radio costa rica , funded by the u.s. and affiliated with the voice of america ( UNKNOWN ) . 
a few months ago , the bush administration decided to stop this cooperation , leaving radio costa rica operating on a UNKNOWN . 
according to news reports , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was due to fears that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN could UNKNOWN with the peace process . 
in the meantime , UNKNOWN gave nicaragua another powerful radio UNKNOWN , which has been installed in the city of UNKNOWN . 
it is capable of reaching the entire caribbean area and deep into north america . 
perhaps its UNKNOWN signal may generate some UNKNOWN of the soviet UNKNOWN being created in the UNKNOWN thanks to u.s. default . 
the soviet UNKNOWN in nicaragua is UNKNOWN for costa rica , a UNKNOWN democracy without an army . 
questioned in washington about what would happen if his UNKNOWN peace plan would fail , president arias UNKNOWN expectations of direct u.s. action . 
a poll conducted in july by a UNKNOWN affiliate showed that 99 % of costa UNKNOWN believe that if their country is UNKNOWN attacked by either nicaragua or panama , the u.s. will come to its defense . 
but in the light of events in panama , where the u.s. has such clear strategic interests , waiting for the delta force may prove to be a dangerous UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a lawyer and a columnist for la UNKNOWN newspaper . 
holiday corp. said net income jumped 99 % , partly on the strength of record operating income in its UNKNOWN division . 
separately , the hotel and UNKNOWN giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with respect to approximately $ 9.9 billion of its publicly traded debt . 
that debt is part of the $ 9.9 billion of holiday debt that bass plc of britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the holiday UNKNOWN business in august . 
holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
results for the quarter included $ 99.9 million in pretax gains from property transactions , including the sale of one embassy UNKNOWN hotel , and $ 9.9 million of nonrecurring costs associated with the acquisition of the holiday UNKNOWN business by bass . 
holiday said operating income related to UNKNOWN increased 9.9 % to a record $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year earlier . 
the jump reflected record results in las vegas , nev. , and atlantic city , n.j. , as well as a full quarter 's results from UNKNOWN 's del UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
third-quarter revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
for the nine months , earnings fell 9.9 % to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue dropped 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the tender offer and consent solicitation will be made to UNKNOWN in december . 
in effect , holiday is asking holders for permission for bass to buy their debt . 
holiday said salomon brothers inc. has been retained to act as the UNKNOWN and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation . 
the debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices ( expressed per $ 9,999 of principal amount ) are as follows : 99 9\/9 % senior notes due 9999 at 999 % ; 99 % subordinated debt due 9999 at 999 % ; 9 9\/9 % notes due 9999 at 999 % ; and 9 9\/9 % notes due 9999 at 99.99 % . 
holiday said its 99 % notes due 9999 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation at a price to be determined by holiday prior to the UNKNOWN of the offer . 
the television units of paramount communications inc. and mca inc. are exploring the possibility of offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week , industry executives say . 
although such a venture would n't match the `` fourth network '' created by news corp. 's fox broadcasting co. , mca and paramount may have similar ambitions . 
fox , which also owns six tv stations , provides programs three nights a week to those and other affiliates . 
paramount domestic tv and mca tv formed a joint venture last month , named premier UNKNOWN sales , to sell advertising in programs UNKNOWN by both companies , such as `` star UNKNOWN : the next generation , '' `` charles in charge '' and `` friday the 99th : the series . '' 
a spokeswoman for paramount said the company does n't comment on speculation . 
calls to UNKNOWN schwab , president of mca tv , were n't returned . 
the two companies , like fox , already have their own tv stations . 
mca owns UNKNOWN in new york and paramount last month agreed to purchase a 99 % stake in the UNKNOWN broadcast group from salomon inc. in a deal valued at $ 999 million . 
UNKNOWN owns five stations , including UNKNOWN , a fox affiliate , in philadelphia . 
one broadcasting executive familiar with the project said the UNKNOWN would target stations affiliated with fox because fox has the desirable independent stations in most of the key cities . 
currently , fox supplies programs on UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , although the company plans to expand to other UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of fox broadcasting , said , `` we believe the partnership of fox , its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding and will continue to grow . '' 
another fox official , who declined to be identified , said fox was n't pleased by the possible paramount-mca venture into prime-time programming . 
`` to make the venture work , they would need fox affiliates , '' he said . 
`` we spent a lot of time and money in building our group of stations , '' he said , adding that fox does n't `` appreciate '' another company attempting to UNKNOWN its station lineup . 
fox said it plans to offer its stations movies , theatrical and UNKNOWN ventures , probably on UNKNOWN , sometime next year . 
it is also planning another night of original series . 
paramount and mca , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by paramount and mca for UNKNOWN and perhaps a block of original shows UNKNOWN . 
the executive said paramount and mca have also held discussions with UNKNOWN industries ' broadcasting unit , which owns five independent stations in cities such as los angeles , san francisco and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN station manager said there have been no formal talks . 
`` i think it 's to fox 's advantage to be associated with the paramount-mca venture , '' said michael conway , station manager of UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN station that is a fox affiliate . 
mr. conway said the fox shows UNKNOWN on nights when paramount-mca shows would n't be offered could be UNKNOWN on the programs produced by paramount-mca . 
michael fisher , general manager of UNKNOWN , a fox affiliate in sacramento , calif. , said , `` the real question is whether the paramount-mca offering is practical . 
it is n't ... . 
why would i consider giving up fox , a proven commodity , '' for an unknown venture ? 
fox UNKNOWN a young audience with shows such as `` married ... with children , '' its most successful series . 
banco popular de puerto rico and banponce corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 999 million . 
under the agreement , banponce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash . 
in each case , the exchange is valued at $ 99.99 a share . 
the two companies , both based in san UNKNOWN , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
the holding company will be called banponce corp . 
the primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as banco popular de puerto rico . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN jr. , chairman of banco popular , will be the chairman of the holding company . 
UNKNOWN m. UNKNOWN , currently chairman of banponce , will serve as president of the bank holding company and chairman of the subsidiary . 
banco popular originally proposed the merger in july , in a cash and stock transaction valued at $ 99 a share , or about $ 999 million . 
banponce reacted UNKNOWN at first , but appeared to be won over , analysts said , by banco popular 's assurances that it wanted only a friendly transaction . 
`` banco popular just kept waiting , '' said edward thompson , a vice president and analyst at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. in new york . 
`` they got a transaction that 's good for both companies . '' 
the two banks appear to be a good fit . 
banponce UNKNOWN to a more affluent customer , while banco popular has always had a large presence among UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN markets . 
the merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by UNKNOWN operations in many locations in puerto rico . 
`` they 're often right across the street from one another , '' mr. thompson said . 
richard UNKNOWN , who is currently president and chief executive officer of banco popular , said the merger will result in a `` larger and stronger locally based bank . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN , who will now serve as president and chief executive officer of the subsidiary bank , added : `` we 'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks . 
it makes sense from a strategic standpoint . '' 
the newly merged company will have 999 branches in puerto rico and 99 branches outside of the island . 
the banks said they do n't expect the merger to face any regulatory hurdles . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the merger should be completed in six to nine months . 
hit by higher costs and lower sales , caterpillar inc. said third-quarter earnings tumbled 99 % and full-year earnings will trail last year 's results . 
the construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
sales dropped 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion , reflecting eight fewer business days in the latest quarter . 
the company , which is in a costly UNKNOWN program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 99 million provision for bad debts in latin america . 
in announcing a 9999 capital spending plan of $ 999 million early this year , caterpillar said full-year earnings would be flat compared with last year 's $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
but yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower . 
it did n't say by how much . 
suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , caterpillar also said it will UNKNOWN lay off about 999 workers in the UNKNOWN area and temporarily shut its plant in york , pa. , for two weeks in both november and december . 
for the first nine months of the year , caterpillar said earnings fell 99 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
sales rose to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
UNKNOWN inc. said it is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in UNKNOWN . 
the market during the start-up is estimated at 99,999 subscribers . 
a spokeswoman for UNKNOWN , a telecommunications company , said she did n't know the value of the contract . 
cable & UNKNOWN plc of britain won the other license . 
UNKNOWN said it would build and operate the system in UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN international ab , part of the UNKNOWN group of sweden , and UNKNOWN international , UNKNOWN . 
b.a.t industries plc won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 99.99 billion ( $ 99.99 billion ) takeover bid from sir james goldsmith . 
at a shareholders ' meeting in london , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 9 billion in assets . 
b.a.t aims to sell such u.s. retailing units as marshall field and saks fifth avenue and UNKNOWN its big paper and british retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders . 
proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 99 % , or about 999 million , of its shares and a 99 % dividend increase . 
b.a.t yesterday started its share buy-back . 
the company said it acquired 9.9 million shares for 999 pence ( $ 99.99 ) each , or a total of # 99.9 million ( $ 99.9 million ) , from its broker , UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the share buy-back plan is likely to UNKNOWN b.a.t 's share price . 
b.a.t said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will UNKNOWN further purchases until nov. 99 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
b.a.t shares rose 99 pence to 999 pence on london 's stock exchange yesterday . 
shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year 's second half . 
before the recent UNKNOWN in global financial markets , b.a.t officials , holders and analysts had expected a substantial part of the restructuring to be complete by the end of the first half . 
`` we are not in any hurry to sell '' saks , marshall field or b.a.t 's other u.s. retail properties , said chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` this is n't a UNKNOWN sale . 
we are determined to get good prices . '' 
company officials say the UNKNOWN of the paper and british retailing businesses are likely only after the UNKNOWN of the u.s. retailing assets . 
meanwhile , sir james still is pursuing efforts to gain u.s. insurance regulators ' approval for a change in control of b.a.t 's farmers group inc. unit . 
the UNKNOWN financier has indicated he intends to bid again for b.a.t if he receives approval . 
hasbro inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 99 % from a year earlier on a 9.9 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins . 
hasbro said it had net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , up from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier , when it took a pretax charge of $ 99 million after dropping development of an UNKNOWN video entertainment system . 
revenue rose to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the company cited sales gains at its milton bradley and UNKNOWN units and in its international business for the increase in revenue . 
alan g. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive , added that hasbro 's new line of UNKNOWN racing cars , called record breakers , and its acquisition of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN kids , UNKNOWN and other lines from UNKNOWN industries inc. puts the company `` in a good position as we enter the christmas buying season . '' 
for the first nine months of the year , hasbro 's net income rose 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on a 9.9 % increase in revenue to $ 999.9 million from $ 999 million a year earlier . 
reebok international ltd. posted a 99 % increase in third-quarter net income despite a slight decline in sales . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN maker said net rose to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales declined 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
paul fireman , reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . '' 
the company said it expects sales to improve due to a number of new products , including a `` pump '' basketball shoe that can be UNKNOWN to better fit the foot . 
in the first nine months , net was $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on sales of $ 9.99 billion . 
separately , reebok completed the acquisition of UNKNOWN group inc. 's boston UNKNOWN unit , a UNKNOWN of power UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , mass. , had agreed to sell the unit to reebok for about $ 99 million . 
the agreement also called for reebok to receive warrants to purchase 999,999 shares of UNKNOWN common at $ 99.99 a share , exercisable at any time before july 9 , 
an outside spokesman for UNKNOWN said the terms were changed to a minor extent but would n't disclose what those changes were . 
pitney bowes inc. directors authorized the company to seek buyers for its wheeler group inc. subsidiary , a direct mail marketer of office supplies . 
pitney bowes said the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the UNKNOWN of wheeler group 's marketing business with other pitney bowes operations . 
pitney bowes acquired the core of what UNKNOWN into wheeler group in 9999 by buying UNKNOWN corp . 
a spokeswoman would n't comment on whether the company had talked with any potential buyers for the new hartford , conn. , unit , which had 9999 sales of about $ 99 million . 
she said wheeler group was profitable but would n't give figures . 
the spokeswoman said the company does n't have a UNKNOWN for the sale , adding that the board 's decision just starts the search for a buyer . 
separately , pitney bowes said third-quarter net income gained 99 % to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
revenue grew 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the company said the growth was led by its major operations , particularly UNKNOWN , shipping , UNKNOWN and facsimile businesses . 
steel jackets of a type that may have prevented collapse of the columns of a UNKNOWN stretch of the nimitz freeway had been installed on at least a small test section of the UNKNOWN highway last year by california 's department of transportation , employees familiar with the project say . 
the test project -- which reportedly survived tuesday 's earthquake -- was a UNKNOWN to a state plan to UNKNOWN that critical section of the freeway with the steel UNKNOWN . 
state engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , that was responsible for the collapse . 
the failure in oakland of the freeway segment known as the cypress structure was the UNKNOWN aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 999 initially feared . 
UNKNOWN out the UNKNOWN is expected to take several days . 
red UNKNOWN UNKNOWN picked at the rubble while UNKNOWN tried to break up some of the massive UNKNOWN of concrete . 
giant yellow UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN up UNKNOWN the collapsed segment , preparing to lift off UNKNOWN of the debris . 
in sacramento , a transportation department spokesman said he could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work . 
however , he asserted that the department had n't UNKNOWN the technology needed to UNKNOWN the entire cypress structure . 
moreover , other officials noted , UNKNOWN in transportation funding that the state has experienced over the years may have restricted the availability of funds for such a UNKNOWN , even if it were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN employees said the UNKNOWN , which had n't yet been UNKNOWN , was part of a planned , UNKNOWN reinforcement of the cypress structure begun by the california transportation department several years ago . 
the cypress reinforcement project itself was part of an annual effort to shore up structures believed vulnerable to earthquakes . 
the state began such work after a 9999 UNKNOWN in southern california , when numerous bridges collapsed . 
`` we had just finished phase two '' of the cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining UNKNOWN designed to prevent sections of the roadway from UNKNOWN as a result of seismic shock , a state UNKNOWN engineer said . 
after completing installation of the jackets on `` one UNKNOWN '' of the freeway last year , the state UNKNOWN had sent the project over to its sacramento engineers to draw up a final design . 
UNKNOWN employees said the project had been UNKNOWN somewhat by `` the difficulty of designing '' the jackets . 
the procedure involves UNKNOWN the concrete columns with steel , then UNKNOWN them more UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the employees also said the project may have been UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN concerns . 
one preliminary estimate put the UNKNOWN cost at as much as $ 99 million . 
the collapse of the span has UNKNOWN surprise and anger among state officials . 
gov. george deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation . 
`` i want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 999,999 people to use every day , '' said richard katz , a state legislator who is chairman of the california assembly 's transportation committee . 
he said he would UNKNOWN hearings within two weeks . 
the cypress structure opened in june 9999 , and as such , like many buildings in the san francisco bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
the northern UNKNOWN of the span lie in UNKNOWN deposits that were of a type to have UNKNOWN easily during the 9999 quake . 
transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the cypress destruction . 
they said previous earthquakes suggested that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would stand up well , although they were working on ways to bolster them . 
`` unfortunately , there is only one laboratory for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , san francisco district director for the transportation department . 
he said : `` we know of no technology that exists anywhere in the world that would allow us to '' UNKNOWN the columns . 
financial corp. of santa barbara said it UNKNOWN to nov. 99 a special shareholder meeting to vote on a $ 99 million UNKNOWN exchange . 
the meeting had been scheduled for nov. 99 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the securities and exchange commission to review the proposal . 
as part of a restructuring announced earlier this year , the company proposed in august to exchange 999 newly issued common shares for each $ 9,999 face value of debt . 
however , that figure could be revised , financial corp. said . 
currently , the company has about six million common shares outstanding . 
if all the debt was converted , about 99 million new shares would be issued . 
in composite trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange , financial corp. closed at $ 9.999 , unchanged . 
the debt consists of $ 99 million of 99 9\/9 % subordinated notes due 9999 , and $ 99 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 9999 . 
financial corp. also is proposing to exchange each of its 999,999 outstanding shares of cumulative convertible preferred series a stock for two shares of common . 
after years of UNKNOWN over bonn 's `` UNKNOWN '' , west germany and the u.s. appear to have UNKNOWN onto a united course in eastern europe . 
bonn and washington have taken a leading role in aid for the UNKNOWN countries , UNKNOWN billions of dollars in fresh credit and UNKNOWN old debt while urging other industrial nations to follow suit . 
both hope to encourage pressure for change in east bloc countries still ruled by stalinist UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN liberal financial aid and trade benefits for poland , hungary and , to a lesser extent , the soviet union . 
west german officials also have the special goal of holding out hope for east germany 's fledgling reform movement . 
`` the change taking place in the soviet union , poland and hungary has UNKNOWN new hope in both german states that reforms will be undertaken in { east germany } , and that relations between the two german states , too , will get better , '' said foreign minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
addressing a conference of the new york-based institute for UNKNOWN security studies in frankfurt yesterday , mr. UNKNOWN said , `` history will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . '' 
the ultimate aim of western support for east bloc reforms , he said , is to create `` an UNKNOWN and stable UNKNOWN order in europe from the atlantic to the UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN and u.s. secretary of commerce robert a. mosbacher , in separate UNKNOWN at the conference , appealed for more western contributions to economic reforms and business development in hungary and poland . 
bonn and washington are leading supporters of poland 's request for a $ 9 billion UNKNOWN credit from the international monetary fund . 
`` we want the bold programs of market development and political freedom in hungary and in poland to succeed . 
we are prepared to support those changes , '' said mr. mosbacher . 
u.s. curbs on the exports of sensitive technology to east bloc countries will remain in place , however . 
meanwhile , the u.s. house of representatives yesterday approved an $ 999.9 million aid package for poland and hungary that more than UNKNOWN the amount president bush had requested . 
the package was brought to the house just 99 days after it was introduced , indicating congress 's UNKNOWN to reward poland and hungary for their moves toward democracy and UNKNOWN economic reforms . 
the legislation , approved 999-99 and sent to the senate , UNKNOWN two enterprise funds , to be UNKNOWN by independent UNKNOWN boards , which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in hungary and poland . 
the polish fund would be UNKNOWN with $ 999 million , the UNKNOWN fund with $ 99 million . 
in addition , a group of 99 industrialized countries , including the u.s. and japan and UNKNOWN by the european community commission , has promised poland and hungary trade advice and a line of credit equivalent to $ 9.99 billion through the european investment bank , while the ec plans $ 999 million in direct aid . 
when chancellor helmut kohl UNKNOWN to poland nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion west german marks ( $ 9.9 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects . 
last week , bonn agreed to UNKNOWN 9.9 billion marks in polish debt that came due last year . 
in addition , a one billion mark credit UNKNOWN from 9999 is to be written off . 
poland 's plan to switch to a free-market economy by 9999 is hampered by a foreign debt load of $ 99.9 billion . 
west germany also has increased its credit guarantees to hungary by 999 million marks to 9.9 billion marks as the emerging democratic state UNKNOWN through its own economic reforms , including a broad privatization of state-owned industry and tax incentives for industrial investment . 
an additional 999 million marks in UNKNOWN was promised by the west german state governments of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
deutsche bank ag , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the soviet union , is now moving to become the first west german bank to set up independent business offices in hungary and poland as they shift to free-market economies . 
a UNKNOWN of frankfurt banking holds that UNKNOWN deutsche bank goes , other west german banks follow . 
indeed , at least four other west german banks are believed to be making inquiries . 
mattel inc. said third-quarter net income rose 99 % , to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million a year earlier . 
`` mattel 's world-wide volume has grown 99 % in a climate of relatively flat industry sales , '' said john w. UNKNOWN , chairman . 
he said the toy company 's `` prospects for a strong fourth quarter '' are also good . 
mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , hot UNKNOWN cars , disney toys and other well-known toy lines . 
the company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as cherry UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
for the nine months , mattel net more than doubled to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
revenue rose 99 % , to $ 999.9 million , from $ 999.9 million . 
mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its UNKNOWN , calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 99 million charge to third-quarter operating profit . 
the charge did n't affect net for the quarter as it was offset by tax benefits . 
mattel has purchased a new headquarters building in el UNKNOWN , calif. , which it will UNKNOWN by the end of next year . 
democracy can be UNKNOWN to politicians : sometimes it forces them to make choices . 
now that the supreme court opened the door on the subject of abortion , politicians are UNKNOWN under the glare of democratic choice . 
their UNKNOWN is a healthy sign for the rest of us . 
republicans are UNKNOWN most UNKNOWN , at least at first , which is only fair because they 've been UNKNOWN the most . 
so long as abortion was a question for litigation , not legislation , republicans could find political security in UNKNOWN . 
they could attract UNKNOWN voters by adopting the UNKNOWN movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice republicans knew this UNKNOWN little on an issue UNKNOWN by the court . 
now it matters . 
much of washington thought it detected george bush in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on abortion the past week . 
only a month ago he 'd warned congress not to pass legislation to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest . 
last friday , after congress passed it anyway , he UNKNOWN he was looking for compromise . 
was the man who once was pro-choice , but later pro-life , converting again ? 
in fact , mr. bush 's UNKNOWN was more UNKNOWN than UNKNOWN . 
pro-life advocates say the white house never UNKNOWN over the veto . 
christopher smith ( r. , n.j. ) , a pro-life leader in the house , suggested a compromise that would have adapted UNKNOWN language from rape and incest UNKNOWN in the states . 
the white house , never eager for a fight , was happy to try , which is why george bush said he was looking for `` flexibility '' last week . 
when democrats refused to UNKNOWN , pro-life republicans met at the white house with chief of staff john sununu on monday , and mr. bush quickly signaled a veto . 
amid charges of `` UNKNOWN '' on panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to UNKNOWN his most energetic constituency . 
the gop UNKNOWN were in congress . 
in last week 's house vote , 99 republicans UNKNOWN . 
after the vote , connecticut rep. UNKNOWN johnson UNKNOWN up nearly as many UNKNOWN on a letter to mr. bush urging him not to veto . 
even such a pro-life UNKNOWN as sen. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( r. , utah ) had UNKNOWN some kind of compromise . 
the senate passed the same bill yesterday , with a UNKNOWN majority of 99 . 
the UNKNOWN illustrates an emerging republican UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN since the early 9999s . 
at the 9999 gop convention , abortion was barely discussed at all , though UNKNOWN were evenly divided on the question of an anti-abortion constitutional amendment . 
ms. johnson made a UNKNOWN statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself . 
now many republicans are listening . 
they 're UNKNOWN by what they see in new jersey , and especially virginia , where pro-life gop candidates for governor are being UNKNOWN on abortion . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a republican consultant , says the two gop candidates could have avoided trouble if they had UNKNOWN the issue first . 
( in virginia , marshall coleman and his running UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , are both on the defensive for opposing abortions even in cases of rape or incest . ) 
but mr. UNKNOWN adds , `` the net UNKNOWN in the next few years is the UNKNOWN side . '' 
UNKNOWN st. martin , of the national right to life committee , says UNKNOWN polls from the 9999 election had UNKNOWN , pro-life voters giving mr. bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave michael UNKNOWN . 
but the supreme court 's opening of debate may have changed even that . 
gop UNKNOWN neil UNKNOWN , of the UNKNOWN group , says polls this summer showed that the UNKNOWN voters had about UNKNOWN out . 
polls are no UNKNOWN for principle , but they 'll do for some politicians . 
the republican danger is that abortion could become for them what it 's long been for democrats , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN test . 
it 's already that in the bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even UNKNOWN an issue . 
oklahoma official robert fulton lost a chance for a senior job in the department of health and human services after UNKNOWN activists opposed him . 
UNKNOWN butler , a conservative former congressman , was barred from a legal services post , after he gave wrong answers on abortion . 
even the president 's doctor , UNKNOWN lee , has said on the record that he 'd love to be UNKNOWN general but could n't pass the pro-life test . 
in the case of hhs secretary louis sullivan , the UNKNOWN test could yet damage issues important to other parts of the republican coalition . 
after mr. sullivan UNKNOWN on abortion last year , the white house UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by surrounding him with pro-life UNKNOWN . 
their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though hhs spends billions a year on both . 
it makes only a handful of UNKNOWN decisions . 
though democrats can UNKNOWN at all this for now , they may want to contain their UNKNOWN . 
on abortion , their own day will come . 
eventually even republicans will find a way to UNKNOWN the issue in ways that UNKNOWN pro-choice UNKNOWN . 
does the candidate favor parental consent for UNKNOWN abortions ? 
( the pro-choice lobby does n't . 
) what about banning abortions in the second and third UNKNOWN ? 
( the lobby says no again . ) 
democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise , toward the UNKNOWN middle . 
roe v. wade UNKNOWN political debate , so the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
now the UNKNOWN middle , a moral majority of sorts , is UNKNOWN itself . 
within a few years , the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned . 
this is where the voters are , which is where politicians usually end up . 
union pacific corp . third-quarter net income fell 99 % . 
excluding earnings from discontinued operations a year earlier , net fell only 9 % . 
the energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , down from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
in the 9999 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 999.9 million . 
a year earlier , the company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 99.9 million from sale of a pipeline , a refinery and an interest in a second refinery . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , union pacific jumped $ 9.999 to $ 99 a share . 
the company said its union pacific railroad had a 9 % profit increase , despite a 99 % rise in fuel costs and a 9 % drop in car UNKNOWN . 
most of the commodity traffic was off , the company said . 
earnings from continuing operations of the union pacific resources unit almost doubled , the company said . 
it added that higher revenue , strong crude oil prices and higher natural gas prices offset declines in production of oil , gas and plant UNKNOWN . 
in addition , the company cited UNKNOWN moves and interest income . 
earnings from union pacific realty dropped 99 % to $ 9 million . 
before good will , UNKNOWN transportation earnings fell 99 % to $ 99 million , union pacific said . 
in the nine months , net fell 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9 a share , a year earlier . 
profit from continuing operations in the year-earlier period was $ 999.9 million . 
revenue was $ 9.99 billion , up 9 % from $ 9.99 billion . 
the federal trade commission ruled that five major UNKNOWN companies illegally fixed prices for title UNKNOWN services by participating in joint `` rating bureaus '' in six states . 
the ftc ordered the companies not to use rating bureaus in those six states . 
the commission order named the following companies : UNKNOWN title insurance co. of california , a unit of los angeles-based UNKNOWN ; chicago title insurance co. and UNKNOWN title insurance co. , units of chicago title & trust co. ; lawyers title insurance corp. , a unit of richmond , UNKNOWN universal corp. ; and stewart title UNKNOWN co. , a unit of UNKNOWN stewart information services corp . 
chicago title & trust acquired UNKNOWN in 9999 and changed the unit 's name to security union title insurance co . 
the ftc ruled that the companies violated federal antitrust law by UNKNOWN rates in the following states : new jersey , pennsylvania , connecticut , wisconsin , arizona and UNKNOWN . 
the ftc first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 9999 . 
john christie , a lawyer here for the two chicago title & trust units accused the ftc of `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN regulations , with which , he said , his clients had UNKNOWN . 
`` i expect all the companies to appeal , '' he added . 
a lawyer for lawyers title said that , because the named companies no longer use the type of UNKNOWN rating bureaus attacked by the ftc , the commission 's order wo n't have much practical impact . 
officials for the other named companies did n't return telephone calls seeking comment . 
mark resources inc. , UNKNOWN , alberta , said it agreed to sell 99 million canadian dollars ( us$ 99.9 million ) of 9 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers . 
mark , an oil and gas concern , said the 99-year debentures are convertible before maturity at c$ 99.99 for each mark common share , and can be redeemed at the company 's option , under certain conditions , after nov. 99 , 9999 . 
the government will try to sell all the real estate managed by the federal asset UNKNOWN association in one fell UNKNOWN , said william seidman , chairman of the federal deposit insurance corp . 
the UNKNOWN real-estate package , with an asking price of $ 999 million , is UNKNOWN of 999 properties in texas , california , colorado , arizona and florida . 
it includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and UNKNOWN land . 
mr. seidman is chairman of the resolution trust corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan UNKNOWN . 
the rtc , created by this year 's s&l bailout legislation , is trying to sell UNKNOWN 's network of offices separately . 
UNKNOWN , which holds problem assets of thrifts that were closed before the bailout legislation was enacted , is being liquidated . 
the properties held by UNKNOWN wo n't be sold UNKNOWN , mr. seidman said in a speech before southern UNKNOWN university business school in dallas . 
`` you need to buy the entire lot , '' mr. seidman said , `` so get out your UNKNOWN . 
the following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
UNKNOWN corp. -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % notes due oct. 99 , 9999 , priced at 99.99 to yield 9.999 % . 
the noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 999 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
rated UNKNOWN by moody 's investors service inc. and UNKNOWN by standard & poor 's corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by merrill lynch capital markets . 
virginia public school authority -- $ 99.9 million of school financing bonds , 9999 series b ( 9999 resolution ) , due UNKNOWN , 9999 and 9999 , through a UNKNOWN securities corp. group . 
the bonds , rated double-a by moody 's and s&p , were priced to yield from 9 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
serial bonds were priced to yield to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
bonds due 9999-9999 carry 9.99 % coupons and bonds due 9999-9999 carry 9 9\/9 % coupons . 
term bonds due 9999 are n't being formally reoffered . 
they carry a 9 % coupon . 
term bonds due 9999 are 9.99 % securities priced at par . 
st. UNKNOWN river water management district , fla. -- $ 99,999,999 of land acquisition revenue bonds , series 9999 , due 9999-9999 , 9999 , 9999 and 9999 , tentatively priced by a smith barney , harris upham & co. group to yield from 9 % in 9999 to about 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are $ 9.99 million of 9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced at 99 9\/9 to yield about 9.99 % . 
the $ 99,999,999 of term bonds due 9999 and the $ 99,999,999 of term bonds due 9999 are n't being formally reoffered . 
serial bonds were priced at par to yield to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
the bonds are insured and rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p . 
federal home loan mortgage corp. -- $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered in 99 classes by salomon brothers inc . 
the offering , series 999 , is backed by freddie mac 9 9\/9 % securities . 
separately , $ 999 million of freddie mac remic mortgage securities is being offered in 99 classes by kidder , peabody & co . 
the offering , series 999 , is backed by freddie mac 9 9\/9 % securities . 
according to available details , yields range from 9.99 % , a spread of 99 basis points over three-year treasury securities , to 99.99 % , a spread of 999 basis points over 99-year treasurys . 
the offerings bring freddie mac 's 9999 remic issuance to $ 99.9 billion and its total volume to $ 99.9 billion since the program began in february 9999 . 
european investment bank ( agency ) -- 999 billion lire of 99 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 99 % less full fees , via lead manager banco commercial UNKNOWN . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
ibm international finance ( u.s. parent ) -- 999 million european currency units of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % at the recommended reoffered price of par , via banque paribas capital markets . 
societe generale australia ltd . ( french parent ) -- 99 million australian dollars of 99 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999.99 to yield 99.99 less fees , via UNKNOWN banking corp . 
guaranteed by societe generale . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
mitsubishi trust & banking corp . ( japan ) -- 999 million swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due march 99 , 9999 , with a fixed 9.99 % coupon at par , via union bank of switzerland . 
put option on march 99 , 9999 , at a fixed 999 9\/9 to yield 9.9 % . 
callable from march 99 , 9999 , at 999 9\/9 , declining two points UNKNOWN to par . 
each 99,999 swiss franc note is convertible from UNKNOWN , 99 , 9999 , to march 99 , 9999 , at a premium over the closing share price oct. 99 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
also , the company issued 999 million marks of convertible bonds with an indicated 9 9\/9 % coupon due march 99 , 9999 , at par , via UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bank . 
put on march 99 , 9999 , at an indicated 999 to yield 9.99 % . 
call option beginning march 99 , 9999 , if the price of the stock rises more than 99 % within 99 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons . 
each 9,999 mark and 99,999 mark bond is convertible from nov. 99 , 9999 , to march 99 , 9999 , at a price to be determined when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN airlines system ( sweden ) -- 999 million swiss francs of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % , via union bank of switzerland . 
call from nov. 99 , 9999 , at 999 9\/9 , declining 9\/9 point a year . 
federal home loan mortgage corp. -- $ 999 million of 99-year debentures with a coupon rate of 9.99 % , priced at par . 
the debentures , callable at par in five years , were priced at a yield spread of about 99 basis points above the treasury 99-year note . 
the issue is being sold through freddie mac 's 99-member securities selling group . 
the debentures mature oct. 99 , 9999 . 
the debentures will be available in UNKNOWN form only in a minimum amount of $ 9,999 and additional UNKNOWN of $ 9,999 . 
interest will be paid UNKNOWN . 
first they get us to buy computers so we can get more information . 
then the computers give us more information than we can ever read . 
now they plan to sell us products that UNKNOWN through all the information to give us what we really want to know . 
the products range from UNKNOWN , personal newsletters to systems that sit inside a personal computer and pick stories on selected UNKNOWN off news wires . 
`` UNKNOWN news is what people want , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , editor of release 9.9 , an industry newsletter that spots new developments . 
`` most people read 99 times more than necessary in order to find out what they really need . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who dropped out of high school back in the 9999s to manage a computer network at a california research firm , says : `` old network hands have started to turn off the network because they do n't have time to wade through the UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN has started a menlo park , calif. , company called UNKNOWN technology that provides human editors for public electronic networks . 
`` i see it as a UNKNOWN treatment plant , '' he says . 
a new product , UNKNOWN , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user . 
the product , developed by desktop data corp. , a new company based in UNKNOWN , mass. , UNKNOWN the wires looking for articles that contain key words specified by the user . 
one early user , david UNKNOWN , a chicago venture capitalist and investor in desktop data , says he uses it to track takeover developments . 
he says he told UNKNOWN to look for stories containing such words as takeover , acquisition , acquire , lbo , tender , merger , junk and halted . 
`` i 'm pretty confident i 'm UNKNOWN everything , '' he says . 
UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN : $ 9,999 a year for a limited version , $ 99,999 a year if the cost of all the news wires is included . 
and it works best in UNKNOWN personal computers . 
but some investors and consultants who have tried it are UNKNOWN . 
jeffrey UNKNOWN , editor of UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , mass. , industry newsletter , says : `` i 've seen a lot of people UNKNOWN around on the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN information . 
this is the first time i 've seen something i could imagine a lot of people using . '' 
UNKNOWN uses an UNKNOWN radio band to carry news wires provided by UNKNOWN , mcgraw-hill and dow jones & co. , as well as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which carries corporate press releases . 
an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN attached to a user 's personal computer receives the information . 
some organizations have devised their own systems to sort through news UNKNOWN items as they come in . 
george UNKNOWN , an account manager at royal bank of canada , adapted a lotus development corp. program called agenda to sort through international news wires . 
it automatically UNKNOWN stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas . 
for those who do n't need their UNKNOWN information moment by moment , some services are offering overnight newsletters . 
individual inc. , a new company in UNKNOWN , mass. , uses UNKNOWN technology developed by cornell university computer scientist gerard UNKNOWN , to automatically produce UNKNOWN newsletters it UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to subscribers by 9 a.m. the next day . 
`` we are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into UNKNOWN knowledge , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , founder and president . 
the daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 9,999 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with UNKNOWN , mcgraw hill , united press international , two press release news wires and japan 's UNKNOWN news service . 
one early user is nec corp. 's u.s. UNKNOWN marketing arm . 
`` they want the full press releases on UNKNOWN announcements by their competition , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
it also tracks personnel and financial announcements by nec 's distributors and customers . 
individual inc. 's technology goes beyond word UNKNOWN by using a computerized UNKNOWN . 
if a customer asks for stories about `` ibm , '' the computer will also supply stories that mention `` UNKNOWN , international business machines , or big blue , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
moreover , individual inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
it compares the position of key words in the story ; words in the UNKNOWN or first UNKNOWN get a higher value . 
and it UNKNOWN how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base . 
the higher the ratio of hits to total words , the higher the UNKNOWN value to the reader . 
pinpoint information corp. , UNKNOWN , va. , a producer of $ UNKNOWN UNKNOWN newsletters about the computer industry that started full operation last month , relies on 99 human readers to code news releases by topic in order to select items for each subscriber . 
`` the computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one . 
computer picking is n't perfect , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president and founder of pinpoint . 
the humans also write UNKNOWN of articles from some 999 computer industry publications . 
once all the articles are UNKNOWN and put in a data base , pinpoint 's computers pick the most relevant for each subscriber and lay them out in a UNKNOWN newsletter UNKNOWN ; each newsletter is sent directly from the computer to the subscriber 's fax machine . 
mr. UNKNOWN says each of his computers can produce and send about 99 unique newsletters a night . 
many computer network users who never see news wires would like to sort through their electronic mail automatically . 
so-called e-mail is the collection of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , technical data , schedules and UNKNOWN distributed over local and national computer networks . 
`` all these UNKNOWN computers make it difficult to sort out what 's junk and what 's important , '' says chuck UNKNOWN , a former lotus development executive who has started a new company to cope with the problem . 
mr. UNKNOWN says his firm , beyond inc. , has licensed technology known as information UNKNOWN from massachusetts institute of technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
the UNKNOWN project devised ways for e-mail to be automatically UNKNOWN as top priority if it comes from certain designated UNKNOWN or requires action in the next couple of days . 
mr. UNKNOWN says that beyond will UNKNOWN the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . '' 
and if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` do n't bother me with reports until monday . ' '' 
a program called notes , which is under development by lotus , also is designed to sort e-mail sent within work groups . 
one thing that makes e-mail difficult to UNKNOWN through is that each UNKNOWN looks the same . 
notes , which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics , allows mail UNKNOWN to put different UNKNOWN on their mail . 
a daily news briefing from the company UNKNOWN , for example , would have a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the screen , just as a paper version would have . 
`` with e-mail , you do n't have the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of paper , '' says mr. UNKNOWN , the editor of UNKNOWN . 
`` with notes , they 're UNKNOWN distinct . 
dean witter reynolds inc. lost its second recent UNKNOWN case involving a former UNKNOWN executive . 
a new york stock exchange UNKNOWN panel ordered dean witter to pay $ 999,999 in back bonuses to william kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales . 
it also awarded $ 999,999 in back bonuses to former trader michael UNKNOWN and $ 99,999 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
the sums awarded to messrs. kelly and UNKNOWN represent bonuses the two men said they UNKNOWN from the first half of 9999 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract . 
jeffrey l. UNKNOWN , the two men 's attorney at UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & robinson , said mr. kelly began working at dean witter in 9999 . 
mr. kelly built the company 's high-yield bond group , which has been a minor player in the junk-bond arena . 
dean witter lost a separate case involving a former bond executive earlier this year ; in august it paid $ 999,999 in back pay and a bonus to a former UNKNOWN trading chief , harold UNKNOWN . 
that award ended a dispute between dean witter and mr. UNKNOWN over who was responsible for certain UNKNOWN losses around the time of the 9999 stock-market crash . 
a spokesman for dean witter , a unit of sears , roebuck & co. , declined to comment . 
UNKNOWN department stores inc. said it offered $ 99 million of 9 9\/9 % debentures due 9999 at par . 
the little rock , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt . 
goldman , sachs & co. was the underwriter . 
american brands inc. said third-quarter net income rose 99 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and UNKNOWN spirits businesses . 
the company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and UNKNOWN products , said net income rose to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
year-earlier results for the quarter and the nine months were restated to reflect a change in accounting standards . 
revenue declined 9 % , to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion , because of the sale of UNKNOWN life in march , and the impact of the stronger u.s. dollar on overseas results . 
operating profit for world-wide tobacco products rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million . 
for UNKNOWN spirits , operating profit rose 99 % , to $ 99.9 million . 
in the first nine months , net rose 9.9 % , to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
the year-earlier period included $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
revenue rose to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the average number of shares outstanding rose 9 % in the third quarter but was down 9 % for the nine months . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , american brands shares rose $ 9.99 to $ 99 . 
santa fe pacific pipeline partners limited partnership , of los angeles , increased its quarterly cash dividend to 99 cents a unit from 99 cents , payable nov. 99 to units of record oct. 99 . 
the company is an independent UNKNOWN pipeline serving six western states . 
washington lies low after the stock market 's UNKNOWN ride . 
lawmakers , UNKNOWN by charges that some of their comments contributed to the 9999 crash , generally shy away from calls for sweeping new legislation . 
but a house energy and commerce subcommittee will UNKNOWN sec chairman breeden wednesday , and treasury secretary brady will go before the senate banking panel thursday . 
the market 's wild week may speed along the UNKNOWN legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 9999 crash . 
it may also UNKNOWN the sec 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds . 
brady and breeden work well together on the plunge , despite the fact that the treasury secretary opposed breeden 's nomination to the sec post . 
baker UNKNOWN in the mideast amid israeli UNKNOWN and palestinian politics . 
despite seeing his plan for UNKNOWN elections UNKNOWN , the cautious secretary of state is so far UNKNOWN to cut u.s. economic or military aid to force israeli cooperation . 
baker nonetheless remains UNKNOWN both at shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at shamir 's rival , UNKNOWN , for political UNKNOWN in forcing a UNKNOWN cabinet vote on baker 's plan . 
meanwhile , some u.s. officials fear plo chief arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of terrorism . 
he is under intense fire from other palestinian groups ; UNKNOWN is pushing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whose terrorist band is blamed for the pan am 999 UNKNOWN , as an alternative to arafat . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the budget and capital gains hurt him in congress . 
republicans as well as democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of speaker foley 's effort to UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN measure by UNKNOWN it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as UNKNOWN democratic projects . 
darman now blames the clash on UNKNOWN , but house gop leader UNKNOWN , who carried the offer to him , UNKNOWN , `` i was speaking english at the time , and quite UNKNOWN so i could be understood . '' 
senate gop leader UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the budget chief on the senate floor . 
democratic counterpart mitchell , asked to interpret darman 's threat to make permanent the across-the-board gramm-rudman cuts that took effect this week , says , `` i do n't even bother to interpret them . '' 
but darman suggests such UNKNOWN will UNKNOWN quickly . 
`` if i can show signs of maturity , almost anybody can , '' he jokes . 
hhs officials expect secretary sullivan to continue a ban on research using UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
before he was confirmed , sullivan said he had `` reservations about any UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on medical research . '' 
but now , an official says , he is `` UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN , '' who contend that any UNKNOWN in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions . 
cooperation UNKNOWN on weapons development between the u.s. and europe . 
britain , france and italy pull out of a proposal to build new nato UNKNOWN ; the u.s. and west germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising UNKNOWN as european UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
both sides now : 
virginia gop UNKNOWN governor candidate UNKNOWN UNKNOWN tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue . 
though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she UNKNOWN a tv commercial using pro-choice UNKNOWN . 
`` a woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , '' she UNKNOWN . 
hot topic : 
interest in the abortion issue is so great that the UNKNOWN , a daily , UNKNOWN political newsletter , comes up with a spinoff product called the abortion report dealing solely with its political implications . 
UNKNOWN expect bush to UNKNOWN their majority on a key court . 
bush has three UNKNOWN to fill on the prestigious d.c. circuit court , which UNKNOWN many important regulatory issues and is often considered a UNKNOWN for future supreme court UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN now hold only a 9-9 edge . 
one UNKNOWN is expected to go to UNKNOWN chairman UNKNOWN thomas , a black conservative ; after UNKNOWN a fight , UNKNOWN now probably wo n't put up a major struggle against him . 
other UNKNOWN thought to be on the administration 's short list include washington lawyer michael UNKNOWN , who was passed over for the no. 9 job at the justice department , and marshall UNKNOWN , chairman of a u.s. agency on administration . 
the bush administration would also like to UNKNOWN a woman ; one possibility is former justice department official UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
minor UNKNOWN : 
in the wake of the failed panama coup , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN appears : `` UNKNOWN would have got him . '' ... 
rep. garcia , on trial for bribery and UNKNOWN , puts statements in the congressional record UNKNOWN missed votes to `` UNKNOWN conflicts . '' ... 
a gop senate fund-raising letter from sen. burns of UNKNOWN is made to appear UNKNOWN written , and its opening line is , `` UNKNOWN excuse my UNKNOWN . '' 
but burns UNKNOWN in an interview : `` that 's not my UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN shipping inc. , new york , declared an initial quarterly of 99 cents a share payable nov. 99 to shares of record oct. 99 . 
the announcement boosted the UNKNOWN company 's shares , which closed at $ 99.999 , up $ 9.99 a share , in composite trading on the american stock exchange . 
the company , which went public in may , intends to pay dividends from available cash flow ; the amount may vary from quarter to quarter . 
ever since the UNKNOWN contested america 's cup race last year , the famous UNKNOWN match has run into more rough sailing out of the water than in it . 
now that a key member of the san diego yacht club team is splitting off to form his own team , even more competition lies ahead . 
peter isler , the winning UNKNOWN in the past two america 's cup challenges , has split from the team led by dennis conner , UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN stars & UNKNOWN , to form his own team for the next contest in 9999 . 
and , in addition to a crack team of UNKNOWN , mr. isler has lined up some real UNKNOWN to help him finance the syndicate . 
isler sailing international 's advisory board includes ted turner , turner broadcasting chairman and a former cup victor ; peter g. UNKNOWN , head of UNKNOWN communications , and joseph b. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive of UNKNOWN inc . 
his UNKNOWN committee includes other UNKNOWN businessmen , including the california investor and old UNKNOWN roy e. disney . 
`` we have the structure , people and plan , '' mr. isler said in a statement . 
now , the first order of business is raising enough money to keep his team UNKNOWN -- a new yacht will cost about $ 9 million alone , and sailing syndicate budgets can easily run to $ 99 million for a cup challenge . 
the split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the san diego yacht club should be allowed to keep the international UNKNOWN for sailing a UNKNOWN against the new zealand UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in september , a new york appellate court UNKNOWN a state judge 's ruling that awarded the cup to the new zealand team . 
pending an appeal by the new zealand team , led by michael UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN for the next cup challenge are scheduled to be held in mid-9999 in san diego . 
but because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , mr. conner 's team has done little to begin UNKNOWN up to defend its title . 
`` if you do n't know what the rules of the game are , it 's hard to start your fund-raising or design , '' said UNKNOWN smith , an official with team dennis conner . 
the conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , mr. smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 99 million . 
but spokesmen for both mr. isler and mr. conner say the formation of the new syndicate has to do with mr. isler 's desire to UNKNOWN his own team and begin planning now , rather than any falling out between the two UNKNOWN . 
mr. smith and a spokesman for the america 's cup organizing committee insist that the added competition for the UNKNOWN 's spot will only improve the race . 
missouri farmer UNKNOWN UNKNOWN writing in the fall issue of the heritage foundation 's policy review about the proposed location of a UNKNOWN incinerator in his county : 
of course i 'd rather have a computer software firm in my UNKNOWN than a hazardous waste incinerator . 
but i 'd also rather live next door to an incinerator than to some of the UNKNOWN farms i 've seen ( and UNKNOWN ) in these parts . 
an incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four UNKNOWN houses . 
on my UNKNOWN drive to farm headquarters each morning , i drive by another four empty houses . 
a community of abandoned UNKNOWN , failing businesses , and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one ... . 
the loss of 99 jobs by a depressed county in rural missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : if the most UNKNOWN safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in UNKNOWN county , what hope have we for dealing with the UNKNOWN our economy produces ? 
after all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
we know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far UNKNOWN any risk to the environment . 
just because stamford , conn. , high school did nothing when its valuable 9999s mural was thrown in the trash does n't mean the city no longer owns the work of art , a federal judge ruled . 
the mural , now valued at $ 9.9 million according to UNKNOWN , was UNKNOWN in a trash UNKNOWN in 9999 by workers who were UNKNOWN the building . 
the UNKNOWN mural , painted by james UNKNOWN in 9999 , was commissioned by the federal works project administration . 
after the discarded mural was found outside the school by a concerned stamford graduate , it eventually was turned over to UNKNOWN hoelzer , a professional art UNKNOWN . 
throughout the 9999s , stamford school and city officials made no effort to UNKNOWN the mural . 
apparently the officials did n't even know the mural was missing until 9999 , when a researcher found that the painting was in mr. hoelzer 's studio and questioned school officials about it . 
in 9999 , stamford officials UNKNOWN mr. hoelzer for taking care of the mural -- and demanded he return it as soon as possible . 
mr. hoelzer , however , sued stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the UNKNOWN and that it had waited too long to UNKNOWN it . 
but judge louis l. UNKNOWN of federal court in manhattan ruled that the city could n't be UNKNOWN for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 9999 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute . 
the judge also ruled that the painting was n't abandoned because officials did n't intend for it to be thrown away and were UNKNOWN that the UNKNOWN had discarded it . 
mr. hoelzer did n't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge 's decision . 
the judge ordered that a hearing be held nov. 99 to determine how much the city should pay mr. hoelzer for his services . 
mary e. UNKNOWN , corporate counsel for stamford , said the city has discussed several possible plans for UNKNOWN the mural , which UNKNOWN various scenes from the great depression . 
she said the mural `` UNKNOWN an era in stamford and in our country when this type of work was being done . 
the prices of corn futures contracts jumped amid rumors that the soviet union is keeping up its UNKNOWN october buying UNKNOWN of u.s. corn . 
those rumors were confirmed after the end of trading yesterday when the u.s. agriculture department announced that the soviets had bought 9.9 million metric tons of u.s. corn , bringing their u.s. corn purchases confirmed so far this month to about five million metric tons . 
in trading at the chicago board of trade , the corn contract for december delivery jumped 9.99 cents a bushel to settle at $ 9.99 a bushel . 
the soviet purchases are close to exceeding what some analysts had expected the soviet union to buy this fall , the season in which it usually buys much of the corn it imports from the u.s. . 
that pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the soviet union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons . 
one sign that more soviet purchases are possible is that u.s. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts . 
that sometimes signals that they are UNKNOWN plans to export corn . 
by some estimates , several grain companies combined bought contracts for the UNKNOWN of roughly one million metric tons of corn . 
by buying futures contracts , these companies attempt to protect themselves from swings in the price of the corn that they are UNKNOWN to deliver . 
rumors of soviet interest also pushed up the prices of soybean futures contracts . 
among other things , the agriculture department is widely thought to be UNKNOWN whether to UNKNOWN the sale of soybean oil to the soviet union . 
on top of all this , corn and soybean prices rose on reports that the midwest harvest was disrupted by a UNKNOWN early snow storm that dumped several inches in parts of indiana and ohio . 
the harvest delays , however , are expected to be temporary . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are forecast for next week , said robert UNKNOWN , an analyst at farmers grain & UNKNOWN corp. , chicago . 
many farmers used the jump in prices to sell their recently UNKNOWN crop to grain UNKNOWN companies . 
the heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally . 
wheat futures prices rose slightly . 
in other commodity markets yesterday : 
precious metals : 
futures prices declined . 
a number of developments were UNKNOWN interpreted by traders . 
december delivery gold fell $ 9.99 an ounce to $ 999.99 . 
december silver eased 9.9 cents an ounce to $ 9.999 . 
january platinum was down $ 9.99 an ounce at $ 999.99 . 
one UNKNOWN development was the UNKNOWN increase of only 9.9 % in the consumer price index for september , an analyst said . 
he noted that the `` core inflation rate , '' which UNKNOWN food and energy , was also low at 9.9 % . 
other news that weighed on the market : initial unemployment claims rose by 99,999 last week ; american telephone & telegraph co. will reduce its UNKNOWN staff by 99,999 through UNKNOWN ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold . 
also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both south africa and the soviet union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals . 
both are in great need of foreign exchange , and south africa is also under pressure to meet foreign loan commitments , he said . 
`` putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said . 
copper : 
futures prices recovered in quiet trading . 
the december contract rose 9.99 cents a pound to $ 9.9999 . 
that contract fell a total of 9.99 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the u.s. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal . 
in recent days , however , there has been increased purchasing of copper in london , an analyst said . 
some of this buying was by japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN mine in UNKNOWN new UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN valley mine in british columbia , and the cananea mine in mexico , which are major shippers to japan . 
the increasing likelihood that cananea and UNKNOWN valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note . 
so , one analyst said , even though the long-term production problems may be easing , there will still be a significant need for copper over the next three months , when inventories will remain relatively low . 
energy : 
crude oil prices ended mixed . 
west texas intermediate for november delivery fell 99 cents a barrel to $ 99.99 . 
but so-called outer month contracts finished higher . 
for instance , december contracts for UNKNOWN rose 99 cents to $ 99.99 . 
most energy futures opened lower , following wednesday 's market downturn . 
but a flurry of late trading yesterday UNKNOWN up prices . 
heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well . 
UNKNOWN belli 's san francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after tuesday 's earthquake . 
in the first 99 minutes after his office 's telephone service was restored yesterday morning , 99 potential clients had called seeking the services of the UNKNOWN king of UNKNOWN . 
mr. belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 9.9 on the richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time . 
suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against UNKNOWN agencies . 
but lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge . 
experts on california UNKNOWN law say UNKNOWN UNKNOWN government agencies in such cases are pretty UNKNOWN . 
even claims against individuals and companies face significant UNKNOWN . 
the major legal barrier is the principle that no one can be held liable for an `` act of god . '' 
for now , says laurence UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN california trial lawyers association , `` the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not . 
we still have people UNKNOWN around in a UNKNOWN in san francisco UNKNOWN about whether it 's going to rain UNKNOWN . '' 
but that wo n't stop plaintiffs ' lawyers from seeking a little room for UNKNOWN . 
in san francisco , they argue , an earthquake was a near UNKNOWN . 
therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held UNKNOWN for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if UNKNOWN can be proven . 
`` my UNKNOWN is there will be mass litigation over errors and UNKNOWN in engineering and UNKNOWN , '' says stanley UNKNOWN , a well-known cincinnati plaintiffs lawyer . 
from what he saw on television , mr. UNKNOWN points out that interstate 999 , which collapsed and killed more than 999 commuters , suffered serious damage while surrounding buildings appeared to sustain no damage UNKNOWN . 
he adds that `` they were aware of the UNKNOWN for earthquakes and the san andreas fault . '' 
the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN mr. belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the bay bridge and the interstate UNKNOWN it . 
`` we wo n't know until the smoke clears -- but yes , we 're looking into it , '' he says . 
mr. belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage . 
mr. belli , who was at candlestick park for the world series tuesday night , says he has hired civil engineers to check out his own mildly damaged building and to investigate the bridge collapse . 
defense lawyers , perhaps UNKNOWN , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at UNKNOWN . 
`` a lot of this is going to be UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN j. ruvolo , a construction law specialist at UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a san francisco law firm . 
plaintiffs , he says , will argue that damaged structures were n't built to proper design standards . 
but if defendants can prove that they met san francisco 's UNKNOWN building codes , `` that 's probably going to protect them , '' mr. ruvolo says . 
government entities , continues mr. ruvolo , could be protected by the california government UNKNOWN liability act . 
under the statute , agencies are provided `` UNKNOWN that normally are n't available in the private sector , '' mr. ruvolo says . 
`` the legislature does not want to UNKNOWN the unique government activities by UNKNOWN public entities to liability . '' 
built into the statute are so-called design UNKNOWN , which are likely to protect government agencies , according to mr. ruvolo and richard covert , a lawyer with the california department of transportation , which UNKNOWN the damaged bay bridge . 
the state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says mr. covert . 
he believes those UNKNOWN might well apply to the bay bridge collapse . 
nevertheless , he adds , `` i would n't get totally UNKNOWN if we get lawsuits out of the bay bridge . '' 
if there 's going to be a race to the UNKNOWN , it has n't started yet . 
mr. covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and mr. belli 's UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN with bricks . 
wednesday , mr. belli 's staff was n't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety . 
he said he set up shop on the sidewalk in front of his UNKNOWN office and helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge . 
in a news release issued by mr. UNKNOWN , the trial lawyers association also promised free assistance to victims . 
the association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is UNKNOWN . 
what 's in a name ? 
apparently a lot , according to the british firm of deloitte , haskins & sells . 
the british firm has begun court proceedings in london to prevent the use of the name `` deloitte '' by deloitte , haskins & sells and touche ross & co. in england and the rest of the world . 
the british deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of deloitte and touche world-wide and joined coopers & UNKNOWN . 
john UNKNOWN , senior partner of deloitte in the u.k. , said `` the decision to start these proceedings has n't been taken UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN said the british firm has used the name `` deloitte '' since 9999 . 
in the u.s. , deloitte , haskins & sells was known as haskins & sells until 9999 , when it added the `` deloitte '' name of its british affiliate . 
john c. UNKNOWN , an accounting professor at columbia university 's graduate school of business , said `` there 's a lot of UNKNOWN involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in england , where accounting UNKNOWN the u.s. . '' 
although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said mr. UNKNOWN , former chief UNKNOWN of the securities and exchange commission . 
j. michael UNKNOWN , chairman of deloitte , haskins & sells international , said he believes the legal action by the british firm `` to be without merit . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN said that last june , the international executive UNKNOWN of deloitte and touche agreed to a world-wide merger . 
`` the merger is proceeding according to plan , except as to the withdrawal of the deloitte u.k. firm , '' he said . 
partners at other accounting firms say that the deloitte firm in the u.k. is filing the suit to get even with the merged UNKNOWN firm for keeping major UNKNOWN work in england . 
general motors corp. , a deloitte audit client , for example , has agreed to keep its annual $ 99 million world-wide audit and associated tax work with the merged UNKNOWN firm , to be known as deloitte & touche in the u.s. . 
in england , this would mean that the british deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of gm 's UNKNOWN unit . 
the UNKNOWN of deloitte 's affiliates in britain and the netherlands to coopers & UNKNOWN will make coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in europe , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN there . 
although coopers has n't been UNKNOWN by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the UNKNOWN merger . 
in new york , harris UNKNOWN , general counsel of coopers , said coopers `` was aware of the litigation , '' but he declined further comment . 
he also declined to comment on the name that coopers would use in england if deloitte UNKNOWN won its litigation to keep its name . 
coopers uses the coopers & UNKNOWN name world-wide . 
william bennett , the white house UNKNOWN director , accused local officials in the washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
`` politics has essentially put up a UNKNOWN '' to finding sites for new federal UNKNOWN , mr. bennett said at a news conference called to report on his `` emergency assistance program '' for the capital . 
without more space to UNKNOWN convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
mr. bennett declared in april that he would make washington a `` test case '' for how the bush administration would aid cities UNKNOWN by heavy drug UNKNOWN and violence . 
the drug UNKNOWN claimed that enforcement efforts are working here , `` UNKNOWN at a slower and more UNKNOWN pace than we would like . '' 
he acknowledged , however , that washington 's `` drug-related murder rate is UNKNOWN high . 
the UNKNOWN are too crowded . 
drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , UNKNOWN and housing projects . '' 
mr. bennett declined to name the area officials who he believes have UNKNOWN plans for building more federal UNKNOWN to ease washington 's problem . 
but other bush administration officials have criticized maryland gov. william UNKNOWN for blocking the use of possible sites in that state . 
administration officials also have said that washington mayor marion barry has delayed consideration of sites in the city . 
in a letter to mr. bennett 's office , released yesterday , washington 's city administrator , carol thompson , complained that the drug UNKNOWN had UNKNOWN the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital . 
referring to mr. bennett 's claim that the federal government would provide $ 99 million in emergency federal support , ms. thompson wrote , `` our analysis was unable to even come close to UNKNOWN that figure . '' 
of his UNKNOWN in washington , mr. bennett stressed that existing federal UNKNOWN have taken UNKNOWN of 999 local UNKNOWN . 
he also noted that the federal drug enforcement administration has established a UNKNOWN task force responsible since april for 999 UNKNOWN and more than $ 9 million in UNKNOWN of drug dealers ' assets . 
the defense department has lent the washington u.s. attorney 99 prosecutors , and the federal bureau of investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added . 
what if it happened to us ? 
in the wake of the earthquake in california and the devastation of hurricane hugo , many companies in UNKNOWN areas are UNKNOWN the question of UNKNOWN . 
some , particularly in west coast earthquake zones , are UNKNOWN off their UNKNOWN plans , checking food stocks and UNKNOWN employees of what to do if emergency strikes . 
others say they feel confident that steps they 've already taken would see them through a disaster . 
UNKNOWN involves more than UNKNOWN and fire UNKNOWN these days . 
some big companies have teams of UNKNOWN experts focusing on safety and business UNKNOWN . 
many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up UNKNOWN offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly . 
that means making sure that copies of UNKNOWN computer software and company records are out of harm 's way . 
some businesses -- like UNKNOWN -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days . 
`` UNKNOWN has to be the UNKNOWN of your plan , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , manager of corporate emergency planning at atlantic richfield co. in los angeles . 
`` if you do n't save your critical people , you wo n't be able to bring up your UNKNOWN business functions . '' 
although arco 's head office , more than 999 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , ms. UNKNOWN used the UNKNOWN to distribute a UNKNOWN memo of `` earthquake UNKNOWN '' to 9,999 arco employees . 
`` you need to UNKNOWN on these moments when you have everyone 's attention , '' she says . 
`` it was a good reminder that we all need to prepare prior to an event . '' 
the arco memo urges employees to keep certain supplies at work , such as solid shoes and `` heavy UNKNOWN to clear debris . '' 
it also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or UNKNOWN . 
among the suggestions : UNKNOWN and men 's ties could be used for UNKNOWN , while UNKNOWN wooden UNKNOWN might aid in `` breaking through office walls . '' 
arco maintains an office in dallas that would take over if payroll operations in pasadena were disrupted . 
two months ago the company set up a UNKNOWN number , based outside california , to handle UNKNOWN from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster . 
the arco plan takes into account such details as which aspects of business are UNKNOWN at certain times of the year . 
this way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first . 
at hewlett-packard co. , the earthquake came just as the company was reviewing its own emergency procedures . 
`` we were talking about UNKNOWN a practice UNKNOWN for november , '' says joan tharp , a spokeswoman . 
`` then we had a real one in the afternoon . '' 
the palo alto , calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home wednesday . 
sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help bay area clients who called with computer problems . 
hewlett-packard also called in its systems experts to restore its own computer operations . 
`` that means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says ms. tharp . 
prompted by an earlier california earthquake , as well as a fire in a los angeles office tower , great western bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 99,999 UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters . 
although officials of the savings and loan , a unit of great western financial corp. , used some of their new plans and equipment during this week 's quake , they still lost touch for more than 99 hours with 99 branches in the affected areas , not knowing if employees were injured or UNKNOWN were broken open . 
`` some people flat out did n't know what to do , '' says robert g. lee , vice president for emergency planning and corporate security at great western . 
as it turned out , bank employees were n't hurt and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN . 
still , says mr. lee : `` we need to UNKNOWN people that they need to get to a phone somehow , some way , to let someone know what their status is . '' 
some companies are confident that they 're prepared . 
occidental petroleum corp. holds regular UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and stocks food , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN drugs at UNKNOWN in its 99-story headquarters . 
the company also maintains UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in offices and changes its UNKNOWN supply of drinking water every three months . 
`` we feel we are doing everything we can , '' an occidental spokesman says . 
walt disney co. 's UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 99,999 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the theme park . 
the park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate UNKNOWN and rescue plans using UNKNOWN , cellular phones , and a UNKNOWN system . 
the centers are complete with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN utility lines beneath UNKNOWN and `` safe UNKNOWN '' where people can be assembled away from major structures . 
vista chemical co. , with three chemical plants in and near lake charles , UNKNOWN , `` UNKNOWN for every hurricane that enters the gulf of mexico , '' says keith l. UNKNOWN , a company safety director . 
hurricane hugo , an atlantic storm , did n't affect vista . 
but two other major UNKNOWN have threatened operations so far this year , most recently hurricane jerry this week . 
because UNKNOWN can change course rapidly , the company UNKNOWN employees home and UNKNOWN down operations in stages -- the closer a storm gets , the more complete the shutdown . 
the company does n't wait until the final hours to get ready for UNKNOWN . 
`` there are just tons of things that have to be considered , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` empty tank cars will UNKNOWN away on you if you get a big UNKNOWN surge . '' 
still , vista officials realize they 're relatively UNKNOWN . 
`` with a hurricane you know it 's coming . 
you have time to put UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in place , '' notes a vista spokeswoman . 
`` a situation like san francisco is so UNKNOWN because there 's no warning . 
former democratic UNKNOWN thomas m. gaubert , whose savings and loan was UNKNOWN from his control by federal thrift regulators , has been granted court permission to sue the regulators . 
in a ruling by the fifth u.s. circuit court of appeals in new orleans , mr. gaubert received the UNKNOWN to pursue a claim against the federal home loan bank board and the federal home loan bank of dallas for losses he suffered when the bank board closed the independent american savings association of UNKNOWN , texas . 
mr. gaubert , who was chairman and the majority UNKNOWN of independent american , had UNKNOWN his control in exchange for federal regulators ' agreement to drop their inquiry into his activities at another savings and loan . 
as part of the agreement , mr. gaubert contributed real estate valued at $ 99 million to the assets of independent american . 
while under the control of federal regulators , independent american 's net worth dropped from $ 99 million to a negative $ 999 million , UNKNOWN out the value of mr. gaubert 's real estate contribution and his stock in the institution . 
mr. gaubert 's suit to recover his damages was dismissed last year by u.s. district judge robert UNKNOWN of dallas under the federal UNKNOWN claims act , which offers broad protection for actions by federal agencies and employees . 
earlier this week , a fifth circuit appellate panel upheld judge UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN of mr. gaubert 's claim as a shareholder but said the judge should UNKNOWN mr. gaubert 's claim for the loss of his property . 
`` it may depend on whether there was an express or UNKNOWN promise ... that the federal officials would not UNKNOWN cause the deterioration '' of independent american , the court wrote . 
mr. gaubert 's lawyer , UNKNOWN david lowell of washington , d.c. , says the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of UNKNOWN in the facts . 
`` i do n't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred , '' mr. lowell says . 
`` it does establish a very clear UNKNOWN for suing the UNKNOWN where there was none before . '' 
UNKNOWN claims in suit that restaurant fired her because she was pregnant . 
in a suit filed in state court in manhattan , the american civil UNKNOWN union is representing the former UNKNOWN 'd of the UNKNOWN odeon restaurant . 
the suit , which seeks UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN damages of $ 9 million , alleges that the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN trees levine violated new york state 's UNKNOWN law . 
among other things , the law UNKNOWN discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy . 
the suit alleges that ms. levine was fired after she refused to accept a lower paying , less visible job upon reaching her sixth month of pregnancy . 
ms. levine told her employer that she was pregnant in february ; a month later , the suit says , the restaurant manager told ms. levine that she would be UNKNOWN to his assistant because he felt customers would be uncomfortable with a pregnant UNKNOWN 'd . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an attorney with the UNKNOWN 's women 's rights project , said , `` they wanted a UNKNOWN woman , and a pregnant woman is not UNKNOWN . 
they told her , ` we do n't hire fat people and we do n't hire UNKNOWN . 
and pregnant women are fat . ' '' 
ms. UNKNOWN said ms. levine UNKNOWN taped many conversations with her bosses at the odeon in which they told her she was being fired as UNKNOWN 'd because she was pregnant . 
paul h. UNKNOWN , an attorney for odeon owner keith UNKNOWN , denied the allegations . 
he said ms. levine had never been fired , although she had stopped working at the restaurant . 
`` the odeon made a written offer to UNKNOWN levine on july 99 to return to work as the UNKNOWN 'd , at the same pay , same hours and with back pay accrued , '' he said . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the odeon `` has no policy against hiring pregnant people . '' 
lawyers in texas 's biggest UNKNOWN case want out in face of UNKNOWN . 
lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services . 
the trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in september with a UNKNOWN jury . 
the defendants were indicted two years ago on charges that they UNKNOWN to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 999 million through a complicated scheme to UNKNOWN the price of land and UNKNOWN construction along interstate 99 , east of dallas . 
the defense lawyers , three of whom are solo UNKNOWN , say they ca n't afford to put their law practices on hold for another UNKNOWN trial . 
some of the lawyers say they would continue to represent their clients if the government pays their UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN lawyers . 
assistant u.s. attorney terry hart of dallas says the government will oppose any efforts to bring in a new defense team because it would delay a UNKNOWN . 
federal judge alcee hastings of florida , facing impeachment , received an unanticipated boost yesterday . 
sen. UNKNOWN specter ( r. , UNKNOWN . ) urged UNKNOWN of the judge in a brief circulated to his senate colleagues during UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
among other things , the brief cited UNKNOWN evidence . 
sen. specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial committee that heard evidence in the hastings case last summer . 
a former prosecutor and member of the senate judiciary committee , sen. specter is expected to exercise influence when the senate votes on the impeachment today . 
richmond resignations : 
six partners in the richmond , va. , firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , morris & butcher announced they are UNKNOWN . 
five of the partners -- james w. morris , philip b. morris , robert m. white , ann adams webster and UNKNOWN g. UNKNOWN -- are opening a UNKNOWN in richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases . 
the sixth partner , john h. UNKNOWN , jr. , is joining UNKNOWN & owen , a smaller firm outside richmond . 
law firm notes : 
nixon , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , based in rochester , n.y. , has opened an office in UNKNOWN , n.y ... . 
UNKNOWN , brown & platt , chicago , added two partners to its houston office , UNKNOWN j. roger jr. , and jeff c. dodd ... . 
copyright specialist neil UNKNOWN , who writes the monthly copyright law journal newsletter , is joining UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , brown & UNKNOWN . 
new york times co. 's third-quarter earnings report is UNKNOWN analysts ' belief that newspaper publishers will be facing continued poor earnings comparisons through 9999 . 
the publisher was able to register soaring quarter net income because of a UNKNOWN gain on the sale of its cable-tv system . 
however , operating profit fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million . 
the decline reflected the expense of buying three magazines , lower earnings from the UNKNOWN group , and what is proving to be a UNKNOWN major problem , continued declines in advertising UNKNOWN at the new york times , the company 's flagship daily newspaper . 
in composite trading on the american stock exchange , new york times closed at $ 99.999 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
analysts said the company 's troubles mirror those of the industry . 
retail advertising , which often represents half of the advertising volume at most daily newspapers , largely is n't UNKNOWN in the second half from extended UNKNOWN as expected . 
at the same time , newspapers are UNKNOWN by lagging national advertising , especially in its financial component . 
dow jones & co. recently reported net fell 9.9 % , a UNKNOWN , in part , of continued softness in financial advertising at the wall street journal and UNKNOWN 's magazine . 
`` we expect next year to be a fairly soft year in UNKNOWN advertising , '' said john UNKNOWN , an analyst for lynch , jones & UNKNOWN . 
`` next year , earnings will hold steady , but we just do n't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising . '' 
john s. UNKNOWN , an analyst for drexel burnham lambert inc. , said , `` the times faces the same problem of other publishers : UNKNOWN is down . 
it will be hard to do UNKNOWN until real UNKNOWN starts heading back up . '' 
in the quarterly report , arthur UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , new york times co. chairman and chief executive officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue . 
analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 9999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the scheduled opening of a new UNKNOWN plant in edison , n.j. , in 9999 would involve heavy UNKNOWN and depreciation costs . 
`` with the edison plant coming on line next summer , the times is facing some tough earnings comparison in the future , '' said peter UNKNOWN , an analyst with UNKNOWN lawrence , morgan grenfell . 
`` but many newspapers are facing similar comparisons . '' 
the sale of the company 's cable franchise brought an after-tax gain of $ 999.9 million , part of which will be used to reduce debt . 
the company also has a UNKNOWN plan . 
analysts said they were impressed by the performance of the company 's newspaper group , which consists of the times , 99 regional newspapers and a one-third interest in the international UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million on flat revenue . 
drexel burnham 's mr. UNKNOWN pointed out that `` profits held up in a tough revenue environment . 
that 's a good sign when profits are stable during a time revenue is in the trough . 
investors UNKNOWN the second anniversary of black monday with a buying spree in both stocks and bonds . 
but the dollar was mixed . 
stock and bond investors were UNKNOWN by last month 's UNKNOWN low inflation rate . 
this news raised hopes for further interest-rate cuts . 
UNKNOWN prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
the dow jones industrial average , up about 99 points in UNKNOWN , finished with a gain of 99.99 points , to 9999.99 . 
that brought the average 's cumulative gain this week to about 999 points . 
since the 9999 crash , the industrials have soared more than 99 % , and the widely watched market barometer is about 9 % below its record high set earlier this month . 
the stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues , but , unlike monday 's rebound , was broadly based . 
indeed , over-the-counter stocks , led by technology issues , UNKNOWN the industrial average . 
the nasdaq composite index soared 9.99 , or 9.9 % , to 999.99 , its highest one-day jump in points this year . 
many UNKNOWN stocks rose after news that a group obtained financing commitments for the proposed buy-out of american medical international inc . 
among the biggest winners were UNKNOWN stocks , responding to heavy trading volume . 
the government said consumer prices rose only 9.9 % last month . 
economists expected twice as large an increase . 
that news , plus recent signs of economic UNKNOWN , greatly increases pressure on the federal reserve to ease credit further , which in turn would be good news for stocks , investment managers say . 
`` i see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , '' said UNKNOWN l. keith jr. , vice chairman of prudential insurance co. of america , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors . 
fed officials probably wo n't drive down rates immediately , mr. keith said . 
despite the inflation news , several fed officials still fear UNKNOWN pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed . 
but wall street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks . 
if so , that will UNKNOWN the case for another shot of UNKNOWN within a month or so . 
that , in turn , is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate , a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans , by half a percentage point , to 99 % . 
`` we 're not out of the UNKNOWN yet by any means , '' said george r. UNKNOWN , president and chief executive of UNKNOWN capital management co. , cleveland . 
but the economy `` is slowing enough to give the federal reserve UNKNOWN to reduce interest rates . '' 
but many individual investors are UNKNOWN about stocks because of fresh signs of UNKNOWN in the huge junk-bond market . 
investors also are anxious about today 's `` UNKNOWN hour , '' the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
this phenomenon often makes stock prices swing wildly at the end of the trading session . 
in major market activity : stock prices surged in heavy trading . 
volume on the new york stock exchange rose to 999.9 million shares from 999.9 million wednesday . 
gaining big board issues outnumbered decliners by 9,999 to 999 . 
the dollar was mixed . 
in new york late yesterday , it was at 999.99 yen , up from 999.99 yen late wednesday . 
but it fell to 9.9999 marks from 9.9999 . 
tuesday 's UNKNOWN of a gop congressional hopeful in a mississippi district that has n't backed a democratic presidential candidate since UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is another reminder that , at least at the federal level , political `` ticket splitting '' has been on the rise over the past half century . 
in only one presidential election year prior to 9999 did more than 99 % of the nation 's congressional districts choose a different party 's candidate for the white house than for the house of representatives . 
now that percentage routinely UNKNOWN a third and twice has been above 99 % . 
as we know , voters tend to favor republicans more in races for president than in those for congress . 
in every presidential election over the past half century , except for the UNKNOWN presidential UNKNOWN , the gop has captured a greater percentage of the UNKNOWN popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for congress . 
prior to 9999 , the pattern was nearly the opposite . 
what accounts for the results of recent decades ? 
a simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by americans in the voting UNKNOWN . 
the theory relies on three assumptions : 
9 ) voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a republican brand that believes in the UNKNOWN state and in the UNKNOWN of private markets over the UNKNOWN of public action , and a democratic brand that believes in big government and in public UNKNOWN to remedy the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to the pursuit of private interest . 
9 ) congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues ( UNKNOWN actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and / or UNKNOWN benefits on the population at large ) and attending to local issues ( constituency service and pork barrel ) . 
9 ) republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a UNKNOWN state , are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than are democratic members of congress . 
if these assumptions hold , voters in races for congress face what in economic theory is called a UNKNOWN 's dilemma and have an incentive , at the margin , to lean democratic . 
if they put a republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively UNKNOWN to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the UNKNOWN '' to their respective UNKNOWN . 
each legislator , after all , is only one out of 999 when it comes to national policy making . 
in races for the white house , a UNKNOWN 's incentive , at the margin , is to lean republican . 
although a gop president may limit local benefits to the UNKNOWN 's particular district / state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts / states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits . 
the individual UNKNOWN 's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes . 
while this theory is UNKNOWN simple , it appears to explain several things . 
first , why ticket splitting has increased and taken the UNKNOWN pattern that it has over the past half century : prior to the election of franklin UNKNOWN as president and the UNKNOWN of the new deal , government occupied a much smaller role in society and the UNKNOWN 's dilemma problem UNKNOWN voters in races for congress was considerably less severe . 
second , it explains why voters hold congress in UNKNOWN but generally love their own congressional representatives : any individual legislator 's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator UNKNOWN for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency . 
third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office . 
for example , UNKNOWN members of the house , once the most vulnerable of UNKNOWN , have become virtually immune to defeat . 
the one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 99 of the 99 UNKNOWN republicans brought into office in 9999 by the reagan revolution and running for UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
because these UNKNOWN placed far more emphasis on their UNKNOWN role -- spreading the reagan revolution -- in national policy making , they were more vulnerable to defeat . 
fourth , the theory indicates why the republican party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office . 
potential candidates may be UNKNOWN from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a democratic opponent . 
to the extent that potential republican candidates and their financial UNKNOWN realize that the congressional UNKNOWN 's dilemma game works to their UNKNOWN , the republican party will be UNKNOWN in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates . 
fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly UNKNOWN in the south . 
to the extent that democratic legislators from the south have held a disproportionate share of power in congress since 9999 and have been able to UNKNOWN such UNKNOWN into relatively more local benefits for their respective UNKNOWN , voters in the south have had an especially strong incentive to keep such democrats in office . 
finally , the theory suggests why republicans generally have fared better in senate races than in campaigns for the house . 
since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their democratic counterparts . 
is there any UNKNOWN support for this theory ? 
three pieces of evidence UNKNOWN the key assumption that democratic legislators are more willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their republican colleagues . 
first , economists james bennett and thomas UNKNOWN find that gop senators turn back roughly 99 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than democrats do . 
to the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking , this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional republicans to pay less attention to narrow UNKNOWN concerns . 
second , if the key assumption is valid , democrats should have lower attendance rates on UNKNOWN votes than republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise UNKNOWN to local benefit-seeking . 
this is indeed what the data indicate , particularly in the case of the house . 
the democratic house attendance rate has not exceeded the republican house attendance rate since 9999 . 
finally , as shown in the table , democrats UNKNOWN a higher proportion of their personal UNKNOWN to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to washington offices . 
an examination of changes in personal UNKNOWN decisions in the senate between 9999 and 9999 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , UNKNOWN that the personal UNKNOWN differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control democrats exercise , due to their UNKNOWN status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
an additional piece of evidence from the senate : holding other factors constant , such as UNKNOWN advantages and regional factors , the difference between popular votes for republican presidential and UNKNOWN candidates in states conducting a senate election turns out to be a positive function of how onerous the federal government 's tax burden is per state ( a UNKNOWN tax rate hits UNKNOWN states harder ) . 
put more simply , gop candidates for president are looked on more UNKNOWN by voters than republican candidates for the senate when the UNKNOWN 's dilemma is more severe . 
moreover , ticket splitting appears to take the same UNKNOWN pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level . 
state government is more typically split along UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN lines than the reverse . 
a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN investigation , furthermore , UNKNOWN that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's UNKNOWN vote going to the republican gubernatorial candidate and the republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate . 
in sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly UNKNOWN behavior voters display in the voting UNKNOWN may have an UNKNOWN rational explanation . 
mr. UNKNOWN teaches at the university of southern california 's business school . 
a house-senate conference approved a nearly $ 99 billion state , justice and commerce department bill that makes federal UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN held in world war ii UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a legal UNKNOWN after next oct. 9 . 
the measure provides no money for the promised payments until then , but beginning in fiscal 9999 , the government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 999 million until the total liability of approximately $ 9.99 billion is paid . 
the action UNKNOWN earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more UNKNOWN means of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN first authorized in 9999 . 
the action came as congress sent to president bush a fiscal 9999 bill providing an estimated $ 999.9 billion for the departments of labor , education , health and human services . 
final approval was on a 99-99 roll call in the senate , which sets the stage for a veto confrontation with mr. bush over the issue of publicly financed abortions for poor women . 
UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN federal policy , the measure supports medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but mr. bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond UNKNOWN in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
mr. bush 's veto power puts him a UNKNOWN position in the narrowly divided house , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill . 
the measure before the conference yesterday funds the departments of state , justice and commerce through fiscal 9999 . 
an estimated $ 9.99 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN seeking to block the counting of illegal UNKNOWN . 
elsewhere in the commerce department , nearly $ 999.9 million is UNKNOWN for assistance programs under the economic development administration . 
and in a UNKNOWN to the fall of house speaker james UNKNOWN this year , the conference voted to UNKNOWN $ 99.9 million in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN funds for a fort worth , texas , UNKNOWN project that figured in ethics charges against the former democratic leader . 
fiscal pressures also forced the UNKNOWN of new fees charged by federal agencies , and an 99 % increase in the securities and exchange commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 99 million in filing fees . 
in an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 99 million in receipts by having the federal bureau of investigation charge for UNKNOWN services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase pentagon costs in processing personnel and security UNKNOWN . 
the bill does n't include an estimated $ 9.9 billion in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN funds for justice department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the house . 
but yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid by UNKNOWN for one year a scheduled 99 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants . 
similarly , the measure UNKNOWN the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as new hampshire and delaware a minimum allocation of $ 9.9 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum . 
the odd mix of departments in the bill makes it one of the more UNKNOWN of the annual appropriations measures , and the UNKNOWN provisions attached by lawmakers run from $ 9.9 million for a fish farm in arkansas to a music festival in moscow under the united states information agency . 
lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 9.9 million state department request for the 9999 UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 99,999 for an oil UNKNOWN of former chief justice warren UNKNOWN . 
senate commerce committee chairman ernest UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN ) , who also chairs the senate appropriations subcommittee for the department , attached $ 99 million for an advanced technology initiative , including work on high-definition television . 
his republican counterpart , sen. warren UNKNOWN ( r. , n.h. ) , has used his position to wage a legislative war with the conservative board of the legal services corp . 
an estimated $ 999 million is provided to maintain the program , but mr. UNKNOWN also succeeded in UNKNOWN language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed . 
the effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until oct. 9 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the food research and action center . 
the bill also provides $ 999.9 million to meet u.s. contributions to international organizations and $ 99 million for UNKNOWN activities . 
both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 9999 , although the amount for UNKNOWN shows a 99 % cut from the administration 's request . 
mercury savings & loan association said it retained merrill lynch capital markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the UNKNOWN beach , calif. , thrift . 
mercury , which has assets of more than $ 9 billion and 99 branches in california , said the action to improve its regulatory capital position is related directly to new capital requirements mandated by recently adopted federal legislation . 
mercury also said it extended its two-year advisory relationship with montgomery securities of san francisco . 
mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 9.999 , unchanged in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
watching congress UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN through its annual budget UNKNOWN , fighting the urge to spend more , we 're reminded of those UNKNOWN movies in which the UNKNOWN serial UNKNOWN turns himself in to police and says , `` stop me before i kill again . '' 
the members know they 're doing wrong , but they need help to UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
arkansas democrat david UNKNOWN UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN on the senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the finance committee 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : `` i must tell you ... 
i come to the floor UNKNOWN as one who ended up with a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN matter . 
it was nothing more or nothing less than a UNKNOWN frenzy . '' 
he was turning himself in . 
`` UNKNOWN , as i was walking back to get in my car , i heard many , many people ... opening champagne UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN individual victories that some of us had UNKNOWN in getting our little deal in the tax bill and UNKNOWN at this person for slipping this in , '' he said . 
`` as i was driving home , i did not feel very good about myself . '' 
we can UNKNOWN mr. UNKNOWN 's moment of UNKNOWN , even as we understand that he and his UNKNOWN need restraint UNKNOWN they kill again . 
a good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by indiana senator dan coats . 
the coats bill , which already has 99 senate UNKNOWN , is n't a pure line-item veto because it would apply only to spending bills . 
instead it 's a form of `` enhanced UNKNOWN , '' giving a president a chance to UNKNOWN , or strike , specific spending items that just go too far . 
under the proposal , a president would have a chance twice each year to return a package of `` UNKNOWN '' to the hill -- once when he UNKNOWN his budget and again after congress UNKNOWN . 
congress would have 99 days to reject the package with a 99 % majority , but then a president could veto that rejection . 
congress would then need the usual two-thirds majority to override any veto . 
the proposal would restore some discipline erased from the budget process by the 9999 budget `` reform '' act . 
before 9999 , a president could `` UNKNOWN , '' or refuse to spend , funds UNKNOWN by congress . 
presidents kennedy and johnson were both big users of the UNKNOWN power , but congress saw its chance against a weakened president nixon and stripped it away . 
today a president can still send up spending UNKNOWN , but they 're UNKNOWN unless congress has a guilty UNKNOWN and changes its mind . 
this is like asking UNKNOWN to feel UNKNOWN about UNKNOWN , and naturally UNKNOWN are almost never approved . 
in 9999 , president reagan sent 99 UNKNOWN back to the hill , but only 9 % of the spending total was approved by congress . 
senator coats 's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless congress acts . 
the members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest UNKNOWN , but the police ( in the form of a president ) would be there with a UNKNOWN if they really get crazy , as they do now . 
mr. coats plans to offer his proposal as an amendment to a bill to raise the federal debt limit before the end of the month . 
president bush has endorsed the idea , and at least 99 sitting senators have voted to support enhanced UNKNOWN authority in the past . 
we 're told senator UNKNOWN is n't yet a UNKNOWN , but if he and his colleagues are serious about UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN , they 'll sign up . 
business and civic operations UNKNOWN back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to UNKNOWN california would total at least $ 9.9 billion . 
`` that is a minimum figure , and i underscore minimum , '' said house speaker thomas foley ( d. , wash . ) after UNKNOWN with california lawmakers . 
`` it 's impossible to put an exact figure on it at this time . '' 
the office of management and budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs . 
and california 's 99-member delegation in the house is expected to UNKNOWN that emergency funds be added to a UNKNOWN spending bill that the house appropriations committee is to consider monday . 
for the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were UNKNOWN or only slightly damaged by tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 9.9 on the richter scale . 
one of the last big employers in the silicon valley to report in , seagate technology , said it expects to be back at full strength monday . 
the day before the quake , seagate completed three days of emergency training and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN the response of almost all big corporations in the bay area , don UNKNOWN , seagate 's chief financial officer , said , `` i would n't expect this to have any significant financial impact . '' 
the city 's recovery from the earthquake was UNKNOWN . 
banks indicated they were operating at greater than 99 % of their usual capacity , but a UNKNOWN hill hotel said tourists had fled , leaving the previously full hotel with an 99 % UNKNOWN rate . 
city crews UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN to buildings , but lacked a clear sense of how UNKNOWN transportation arteries were disabled . 
among the city 's banks , bank of america said all but eight of its 999 branches were open . 
the closed branches , in san francisco , UNKNOWN , santa clara and santa cruz , sustained structural damage . 
power failures kept just seven of its 9,999 UNKNOWN machines UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN operations were moved to bank of america 's concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were UNKNOWN to los angeles , the bank said . 
wells fargo & co. said its emergency operations committee -- which met all night tuesday -- moved its UNKNOWN transfer system to el UNKNOWN , calif. , 999 miles to the south . 
only five of 999 branches statewide remain closed , while 99 of 999 UNKNOWN machines remained out of order . 
the most extensive damage was in small towns near the quake 's epicenter , 99 miles south of san francisco . 
santa cruz county estimates total damage at nearly $ 999 million . 
santa clara county has a running total so far of $ 999 million , excluding the UNKNOWN city of los UNKNOWN . 
oakland officials were still uncertain about the magnitude of structural damage late yesterday ; a section of UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN highway , collapsed in oakland , causing a majority of the deaths resulting from the quake . 
san francisco mayor art agnos estimated that damages to the city total $ 9 billion . 
that includes dwellings in the UNKNOWN marina district that must be UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN business UNKNOWN south of market street , and houses in the city 's outer richmond district that were UNKNOWN off their UNKNOWN . 
many streets and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN water UNKNOWN and service UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the federal funds would go to a range of programs , including the federal emergency management agency , highway construction accounts and the small business administration , according to rep. UNKNOWN fazio ( d. , calif . ) . 
fema , which UNKNOWN federal disaster relief , is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after hurricane hugo , which hit the UNKNOWN last month . 
it is likely to get as much as $ 999 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 9 billion , according to mr. fazio , a member of the house appropriations committee . 
white house spokesman marlin fitzwater said there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements . 
the bush administration has at its UNKNOWN $ 999 million in funds remaining from the $ 9.9 billion congress released for the cleanup after hurricane hugo . 
`` we feel we have the money necessary to handle the immediate , short-term requirements , '' mr. fitzwater said . 
he added that the office of management and budget , the transportation department and other agencies are `` developing UNKNOWN legislation '' that should be ready soon . 
much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve UNKNOWN highways and bridges . 
california lawmakers are seeking changes in rules governing the federal highway relief program so more money can be made available for the state . 
some things ca n't be UNKNOWN . 
the asian art museum in golden gate park reports $ 99 million to $ 99 million in damage , including shattered UNKNOWN and stone figures . 
its neighbor , the de young museum , totaled $ 9 million to $ 9 million in structural damage and shattered UNKNOWN . 
the city 's main library is closed because of UNKNOWN that opened in its walls , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN arts city hall broke off in the temblor . 
the ground along the UNKNOWN the street that UNKNOWN the city 's eastern UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN -- dropped six inches after the quake , UNKNOWN major damage to at least one of the UNKNOWN . 
at san francisco international airport , shock waves UNKNOWN the control tower , knocking down computers and UNKNOWN glass . 
offices of the city 's rent board were destroyed . 
mayor agnos 's $ 9 billion estimate does n't include damage to freeway arteries leading into the city , some of which remained closed . 
a major chunk of the $ 9 billion is expected to be UNKNOWN up by overtime for city workers UNKNOWN in the emergency , said a spokesman for mr. agnos . 
`` all of the city 's $ 9.9 million emergency reserve was spent in the first 99 hours '' on overtime salaries , he said . 
insurers struggled to to get a firm UNKNOWN on the volume of claims UNKNOWN into their offices . 
at fireman 's fund corp. , a spokesman said 999 claims were received in the first 99 hours after the quake , and the company is UNKNOWN for as many as 9,999 claims from its 99,999 residential and 99,999 business policyholders in the affected area . 
`` claims range from a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , '' a spokesman said . 
`` we 're UNKNOWN a check for $ 999,999 to an automotive business in berkeley that burned on tuesday . '' 
fireman 's is part of a $ 99 million syndicate that supplies business UNKNOWN insurance to the city on the bay bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and UNKNOWN of toll income . 
california lawmakers want to eliminate temporarily a $ 999 million cap on the amount of federal highway relief for each state for each disaster , as well as a UNKNOWN on using the emergency highway aid to repair toll roads . 
in addition , under the UNKNOWN program , the federal government provides 999 % of emergency highway aid for only the first 99 days of a repair effort . 
after that , the federal share UNKNOWN . 
for interstate highways , the federal share normally would drop to 99 % of the cost of repairs , and the state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost . 
but lawmakers want to extend the period for 999 % federal funding for several months . 
those changes also would apply to two areas hit hard by hurricane hugo -- south carolina and the u.s. virgin islands , according to an aide to rep. fazio . 
meanwhile , the fema announced a UNKNOWN telephone number ( UNKNOWN ) to UNKNOWN service to victims of the earthquake . 
lines will be available 99 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone . 
transportation officials are expecting UNKNOWN traffic UNKNOWN beginning monday and growing worse over the next several weeks . 
some 999,999 cars normally cross the closed bay bridge between oakland and san francisco daily . 
officials say it is clear that UNKNOWN routes ca n't handle the UNKNOWN . 
the state is calling in a UNKNOWN of navy landing vessels and other UNKNOWN to expand UNKNOWN service across the bay and hopes to add numerous new bus routes and train departures to help UNKNOWN the traffic problem . 
moreover , state officials are urging freight UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during UNKNOWN hours . 
even so , `` we 're looking for UNKNOWN , '' said george gray , a deputy district director at the california department of transportation . 
`` if there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to UNKNOWN and go fishing for a while . '' 
most of san francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
`` everyone left , '' said peter lang , reservations manager of the mark UNKNOWN hotel . 
the UNKNOWN st. francis hotel , which survived the 9999 earthquake and fire , currently is less than 99 % occupied . 
`` we still have our UNKNOWN baseball fans , '' a spokesman said . 
`` one lady from new york said she 's not going home until the { world series } is over . '' 
gerald f. UNKNOWN and joe UNKNOWN in washington contributed to this article . 
is an american secretary of state seriously suggesting that the khmer rouge should help govern cambodia ? 
apparently so . 
there are no easy choices in cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the u.s. to become the catalyst for an UNKNOWN process that could end in another round of UNKNOWN in cambodia . 
now that vietnam appears to have pulled out its UNKNOWN army , the state department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the UNKNOWN capital of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the coalition would include the current UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN regime , the two UNKNOWN resistance groups led by son UNKNOWN and prince UNKNOWN , and the khmer rouge . 
the aim would be to end the UNKNOWN war for control of cambodia by allowing the khmer rouge a small share of power . 
the state department says that any khmer rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . '' 
the usual problem with including communists in `` interim '' coalition governments is that their UNKNOWN and methods require they squeeze out everyone else . 
recall that nicaragua 's sandinistas came into UNKNOWN as partners in a coalition government with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
within two years , the UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN or in prison , nicaragua had gone communist , and the sandinistas were building one of the biggest UNKNOWN in latin america and threatening their neighbors . 
in UNKNOWN , when the western powers UNKNOWN to pressure for such a coalition it turned out they were opening the door to communist domination . 
even UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's china began in 9999 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , UNKNOWN parties . 
what UNKNOWN the scene in cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its vietnamese UNKNOWN back in UNKNOWN , as are the khmer rouge -- who are the strongest of the three UNKNOWN groups . 
it 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the UNKNOWN would UNKNOWN . 
that would leave UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the khmer rouge . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN regime has sent thousands of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to die of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN while building cambodia 's equivalent of the berlin wall near the UNKNOWN border . 
the khmer rouge , however , carry an UNKNOWN record for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
these UNKNOWN caused the deaths -- by UNKNOWN , disease or execution -- of well over one million UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was so bad that the vietnamese UNKNOWN in 9999 was a UNKNOWN form of relief . 
the world might want to believe that the khmer rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 9999s it was reluctant to credit the reports of UNKNOWN then taking place . 
but there is no solid evidence that the khmer rouge have changed . 
some of our sources in thailand say the notorious old khmer rouge leader , UNKNOWN pot , has been UNKNOWN up this summer in khmer rouge UNKNOWN near the UNKNOWN border . 
so it 's difficult to UNKNOWN the notion that mr. baker is willing to accept conditions that would help the khmer rouge set up shop again in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
true , prince UNKNOWN backs the idea of such a coalition , at least for this week . 
but prince UNKNOWN has backed all sorts of ideas over the years , and done rather better by himself than by cambodia . 
nor should the u.s. worry much about UNKNOWN china , which still aids the khmer rouge . 
it 's time the state department recognized that china does not play by UNKNOWN 's rules . 
for the u.s. to lend even the UNKNOWN support to the most UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN 's bleak scene could only UNKNOWN america 's allies elsewhere . 
it would be entirely rational for communist UNKNOWN in countries such as the philippines or peru to conclude the following : fight UNKNOWN enough and the u.s. , under the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory . 
u.s. UNKNOWN has done it before , and it will likely do it again . 
the administration and congress have lately UNKNOWN around the idea of sending military aid to cambodia 's UNKNOWN . 
but now the possibility of `` UNKNOWN movement '' ( vietnam 's withdrawal , the baker initiative ) has put that plan on hold , with the UNKNOWN that if the going got rough , the u.s. would then UNKNOWN the opposition . 
why the UNKNOWN ? 
at the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the khmer rouge and cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents . 
when that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the united states sat on military aid and UNKNOWN these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor . 
michael f. harris , 99 , was named executive vice president , north america , for the financial times , the business newspaper published by this company that also has interests in book publishing , fine china , oil services and investment banking . 
mr. harris had been vice president for the newspaper 's advertising in new york . 
he takes additional responsibility for newspaper sales and distribution of the financial times in north america . 
UNKNOWN v. allen , 99 , who had been director for north america , resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting . 
UNKNOWN data products inc. posted a net loss of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
revenue for the quarter ended sept. 99 fell 99 % , to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million in the year-earlier period . 
UNKNOWN data , a san diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical UNKNOWN drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 9.9 million related to a corporate restructuring . 
the restructuring calls for a 99 % reduction in its work force over the next two months , affecting about 999 jobs , UNKNOWN data said . 
it is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by edward l. UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN data said mr. UNKNOWN consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board . 
mr. UNKNOWN could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
filenet corp. , costa mesa , calif. , said it expects to report a third-quarter loss of about $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , because of a $ 9.9 million reserve to be taken against potential losses on a contract with the state of california . 
revenue is estimated at $ 99.9 million . 
the maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared filenet in default on its contract with the secretary of state UNKNOWN commercial code division . 
filenet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute . 
the UNKNOWN centers on testing UNKNOWN and other issues involving a filenet system installed earlier this year . 
state officials could n't be reached for comment late yesterday . 
filenet noted that it had cash and marketable securities totaling $ 99.9 million on sept. 99 , and stockholders ' equity is $ 99.9 million . 
the company made the announcement after the close of the markets , where its stock finished at $ 99.99 , up 99 cents , in over-the-counter trading . 
clinton gas systems inc. said it received a contract from UNKNOWN co. , UNKNOWN , ohio , to manage the natural gas purchasing , UNKNOWN and transportation activities for UNKNOWN 's seven ohio and two pennsylvania plants . 
clinton and UNKNOWN agreed not to disclose the value of the contract . 
UNKNOWN , a producer of UNKNOWN and specialty steel , already buys gas from clinton . 
clinton said in columbus , ohio , that its clinton gas marketing unit wants to line up a number of such gas management contracts . 
manufacturers frequently do n't have anyone who is a specialist in natural gas , clinton said , and a specialist such as clinton can save them substantial amounts of money . 
the scene opens with UNKNOWN executives -- UNKNOWN , obviously -- UNKNOWN to cellular phones and UNKNOWN it out of town in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` the UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN with a texas UNKNOWN , `` have packed their bags and went . '' 
but , he continues , `` they 're UNKNOWN we 're all texans . 
the lone star is on the rise again . '' 
as the music UNKNOWN , viewers discover they 're watching a commercial for lone star beer , the pride of texas , a product of g. UNKNOWN brewing co. , a la UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , unit of bond corp . 
as the ad 's tone implies , the texas spirit is pretty UNKNOWN these days , and lone star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that . 
from chevy trucks to lipton UNKNOWN tea to a host of UNKNOWN banks , the state has been UNKNOWN with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns UNKNOWN texans and UNKNOWN outsiders . 
while advertisers have long appealed to texans ' state pride and UNKNOWN , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times . 
that has taken some of the UNKNOWN out of UNKNOWN who like to UNKNOWN that texas is the only state that was once a nation , but it has increased their legendary UNKNOWN of outsiders . 
in the past , writes houston UNKNOWN columnist jim UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the `` right '' texas attitudes and `` of course they had to be dipped for UNKNOWN . '' 
there is no small irony in the fact that some of the UNKNOWN advertising comes UNKNOWN of -- you UNKNOWN it -- outsiders . 
lone star 's bond corp. parent , for instance , UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN , australia . 
north UNKNOWN , new UNKNOWN , californians , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN own texas banks . 
all kinds of landmark texas real estate has been snapped up by UNKNOWN . 
even the UNKNOWN dallas cowboys were bought by an arkansas oil man . 
`` texas has lost its UNKNOWN , leaving texans with a UNKNOWN to feel proud about themselves , '' says stephen UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN professor at rice university , houston . 
`` this plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . '' 
for example , the UNKNOWN radio campaign for thomas j. lipton co. , an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , n.j. , unit of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN group , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : `` real texans do not wear UNKNOWN -- ever . 
real texans do n't play UNKNOWN , at least i hope not . 
this is football country . 
and another thing -- real texans drink lipton UNKNOWN tea . '' 
in developing that theme at interpublic group of UNKNOWN . ' UNKNOWN : new york unit , account supervisor UNKNOWN UNKNOWN says she made a `` couple of phone calls '' to dallas ad friends and reported her `` findings '' to a team of writers . 
her findings ? 
`` you know , '' she says , `` UNKNOWN stuff like UNKNOWN , cowboys and football . '' 
not exactly sophisticated market research , but who UNKNOWN as long as the campaigns work . 
and ad agencies insist that they do . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN group inc. , dallas , tells of the UNKNOWN who saw the agency 's UNKNOWN commercial for first UNKNOWN bank UNKNOWN -- complete with the state 's UNKNOWN -- and promptly invested $ 999,999 in the thrift 's cds . 
never mind that first UNKNOWN is one of the failed texas thrifts taken over by outsiders -- in this case , an investor group headed by new york financier ronald UNKNOWN . 
the north texas chevy dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that UNKNOWN its nose at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
and deposits at UNKNOWN texas national bank , a unit of UNKNOWN corp. , charlotte , n.c. , have increased $ 9 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to texas . 
`` obviously , pride sells in texas , '' says a spokeswoman for bozell inc. , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , which represents 
the ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- stressing the company 's ` UNKNOWN , ' pointing out the competition 's lack UNKNOWN , or trying to be more UNKNOWN than texans . 
ford trucks may UNKNOWN chevy trucks in places like `` connecticut and long island , '' UNKNOWN a commercial for chevrolet , a division of general motors corp . 
the commercial , created by UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc. , of dallas , adds UNKNOWN : `` i bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your UNKNOWN league UNKNOWN to the yacht club . '' 
because they want a truck that is `` texas tough , '' the commercial concludes , `` texans drive chevy . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. , which UNKNOWN from new york to suburban dallas two years ago , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN itself in texas pride through a UNKNOWN magazine ad : `` taking the UNKNOWN view to UNKNOWN what is of value to future generations is part of the lone star UNKNOWN , '' the ad UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's part of our style , too . '' 
according to several UNKNOWN sources , UNKNOWN to the texas banking market are spending a combined $ 99 million this year to woo texans . 
meanwhile , surviving texas banking institutions are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN themselves as the only lenders who truly care about the state . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN sentiment among bankers comes from the independent bankers association of texas , although it 's hard to tell from UNKNOWN of the $ 9 million `` the i 's of texas '' tv campaign . 
commercials will highlight UNKNOWN scenes of texas and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN music . 
supporting banks will sign a `` texas declaration of UNKNOWN . '' 
but in UNKNOWN material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , UNKNOWN bank-holding companies . 
a video sent to association members , featuring UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN , cowboys , UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN of sam houston , does n't UNKNOWN words . 
`` texans can UNKNOWN a phony a UNKNOWN away , '' the UNKNOWN warns outsiders . 
`` so , do n't come and try to con us with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or a UNKNOWN hat . '' 
young & rubicam 's pact 
young & rubicam , fighting charges that it UNKNOWN UNKNOWN officials to win the jamaica tourist board ad account in 9999 , said it will no longer create the tourist board 's advertising . 
in a statement , alex UNKNOWN , young & rubicam 's chairman , said `` under the present circumstances { we } have agreed that it is prudent to UNKNOWN that contract . '' 
young & rubicam has pleaded innocent to the charges . 
the board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 9 million to $ 9 million account . 
ad notes ... . 
new account : 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. , UNKNOWN , n.j. , awarded its estimated $ 9 million account to UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , new york . 
the account had been at della femina mcnamee wcrs , new york . 
media policy : 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a small new york shop , is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising UNKNOWN will run in their publications . 
it says it may pull its clients ' ads from those magazines . 
coke ads : 
coca-cola co. said it produced a new version of its 9999 `` i 'd like to teach the world to UNKNOWN '' commercial . 
the ad is part of classic coke 's 9999 ad campaign , with the tag line , `` ca n't beat the real thing . '' 
basketball star michael UNKNOWN and singer UNKNOWN UNKNOWN have also agreed to appear in ads . 
dell computer corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 9999 will be half its previous forecasts . 
although the personal computer maker said it expects revenue to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 999 million for the year ending jan. 99 , 9999 , earnings are expected to be 99 cents to 99 cents a share , down from previous estimates of 99 cents to 99 cents . 
earnings for fiscal 9999 were $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 999.9 million . 
results for the third quarter ending oct. 99 , are expected to be released the third week of november , according to michael dell , chairman and chief executive officer . 
mr. dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share . 
in the third quarter last year , dell had net income of $ 9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 99.9 million . 
mr. dell attributed the earnings slide to new product delays , such as a laptop scheduled for september that wo n't be introduced until early november . 
some delays have been caused by a shortage of UNKNOWN -- notably intel corp. 's UNKNOWN chip , the 999 -- but others apparently have been caused by dell 's UNKNOWN growth and UNKNOWN stretched resources . 
`` they 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , '' UNKNOWN jim UNKNOWN , a computer securities analyst with UNKNOWN william k. UNKNOWN & co . 
mr. dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` UNKNOWN too optimistic '' in its expectations . 
product delays , however , have left dell UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN competition in its UNKNOWN line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors compaq computer corp. and international business machines corp. price their pcs more aggressively . 
the result has been UNKNOWN margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion . 
analyst james UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN financial group believes dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . '' 
but that has been the key to compaq 's success , he adds , UNKNOWN dell UNKNOWN out its market UNKNOWN as a direct seller of low-cost but UNKNOWN computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy . 
in national over-the-counter trading , dell closed yesterday at $ 9 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
transatlantic holdings plc , a UNKNOWN , south UNKNOWN financial services investment group , and france 's societe UNKNOWN union des assurances de paris reached an accord effectively reducing chances of an UNKNOWN takeover for sun life assurance society plc . 
in a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 99.9 % of sun life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and UNKNOWN for sun life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
transatlantic , whose UNKNOWN investments ltd. unit owns the largest minority stake in sun life , has agreed not to make a takeover bid for the british life insurer without the prior consent of the french company , known as UNKNOWN . 
in return , the agreement would force UNKNOWN to buy transatlantic 's 99.9 % holding in sun life or sell its 99.9 % stake to transatlantic at a price set by transatlantic . 
pride petroleum services inc. said it agreed to buy UNKNOWN assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings . 
in the year-earlier quarter , the UNKNOWN contractor had net income of $ 999,999 , or 9 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 99 million . 
results for the earlier quarter included a $ 999,999 restructuring charge . 
separately , the houston concern said it signed letters of intent for the cash and stock purchases of a total of 99 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from two concerns located in new mexico and california . 
it did n't disclose specifics but said it expects to complete the purchases by nov. 9 . 
UNKNOWN ltd. , new york , reported third-quarter net income edged up as growth in its UNKNOWN services sector offset a decline in interest income . 
the lower interest income occurred because UNKNOWN spent $ 9.9 billion buying back its stock last year . 
net for the UNKNOWN services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
per-share earnings advanced 99 % because of the buy-back . 
revenue declined 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
but excluding businesses acquired or sold , revenue was flat at about $ 9.99 billion . 
nine-month net fell 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue dropped 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
this year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 99 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of UNKNOWN 's defense systems business , and $ 99 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the UNKNOWN . claims UNKNOWN . 
the year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , from sale of the company 's electricity control & UNKNOWN division . 
new england critical care inc. offered $ 99 million in convertible subordinated debentures through morgan stanley & co. and prudential-bache capital funding . 
the debentures , due in 9999 , have a coupon of 9 9\/9 % , payable UNKNOWN . 
the debentures may be converted into common stock of the UNKNOWN , mass. , home health care concern at $ 99.99 a share . 
proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations . 
the french building group UNKNOWN s.a. said profit jumped 99 % in the first half of 9999 , partly on the strength of nonrecurring gains from a share issue by its canadian unit . 
UNKNOWN said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 999 million francs ( $ 99.9 million ) from 999 million a year earlier . 
revenue rose 99 % to 99.99 billion francs from 9.99 billion . 
the group noted that 99 million francs of the advance reflected a one-time gain from the june offering by its united UNKNOWN unit in canada . 
it did n't say if its year-earlier results were influenced significantly by nonrecurring elements . 
for all of 9999 , UNKNOWN had group profit of 999 million francs after payment to minority interests . 
revenue was 99.99 billion francs . 
the group has n't forecast full-year earnings for 9999 , although it said that its UNKNOWN results are n't a good indication because of one-time elements and the seasonal nature of its operations . 
tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term and force companies to UNKNOWN expanding in or UNKNOWN to the bay area and california , real-estate and relocation specialists said . 
few specialists said they expect the quake to have much of an effect on most california property values . 
but real-estate experts and brokers said the quake UNKNOWN will drag down prices in neighborhoods built on less stable ground , especially in the bay area . 
`` california prices were already coming down . 
this is n't going to help , '' said kenneth t. rosen , chairman of the center for real estate and urban economics at the university of california at berkeley . 
state housing prices , at a median $ 999,999 , have declined in recent months because of potential buyers ' UNKNOWN to afford homes . 
mr. rosen , among others , suggested that the quake , the strongest since the 9999 temblor that struck san francisco , will in the short term create a two-tier price system for UNKNOWN communities , with dwellings built on UNKNOWN ground likely to demand higher prices . 
one san francisco neighborhood likely to test mr. rosen 's theory soon is the city 's UNKNOWN marina district , which boasts some of the highest home prices in the state . 
the district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings . 
yesterday , the city UNKNOWN two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 99 of the district 's 999 dwellings might have to be UNKNOWN . 
brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory . 
`` my UNKNOWN feeling is that the marina properties will be affected , '' said grace UNKNOWN , senior vice president at UNKNOWN & ellis residential brokerage inc . 
neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices `` for a while . '' 
mr. rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a UNKNOWN 9999 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property UNKNOWN to a fault line . 
because of the size of the california market , few relocation specialists expect a widespread corporate flight in the quake 's aftermath . 
but they said the quake will force some companies to UNKNOWN or expand part or all of their operations outside the state . 
`` what you 're going to get is ` we do n't want to put all of our eggs in one basket ' theory , '' said james h. UNKNOWN , president of location management services inc. , a palo alto , calif. , relocation concern . 
mr. UNKNOWN , among others , said the quake will UNKNOWN companies in certain industries , like semiconductors , computers and aerospace , to consider moving operations that involve particularly sensitive machinery to locations outside california . 
because of the quake threat , `` some firms have UNKNOWN what the cost is to shore up their buildings and compared it with the cost of building it UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
one southern california aerospace firm , for example , two months ago asked location management to compare the costs of UNKNOWN its current building against earthquakes with the cost of building a new structure elsewhere . 
a new UNKNOWN would cost $ 99 million , location management found , compared with $ 99 million to make the present building UNKNOWN . 
the company , mr. UNKNOWN said , has n't yet determined what to do . 
nationwide health properties , pasadena , calif. , said it would n't pay its fourth-quarter dividend , despite a 99 % increase in third-quarter earnings , to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
net income included a gain of $ 999,999 on asset sales , the real estate investment trust said . 
a year earlier , nationwide health earned $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 9 million from $ 9.9 million . 
nationwide health said that although it has the cash to cover the UNKNOWN dividend , its banks have denied the company 's request to pay it because the trust has n't met certain terms . 
nationwide health said it has `` numerous financing activities '' under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible . 
UNKNOWN rey s.a. , a french paper producer , said it concluded an agreement with japan 's fuji UNKNOWN film co. that will allow UNKNOWN rey to manufacture and sell UNKNOWN paper using fuji technology . 
UNKNOWN rey is a leading french maker of UNKNOWN and electronic UNKNOWN paper . 
UNKNOWN paper is used in facsimile machines . 
terms of the agreement were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN rey 's move follows similar UNKNOWN agreements between japanese producers of UNKNOWN paper and european paper groups . 
UNKNOWN grace & co. , new york , said its earnings for the third quarter nearly doubled as a result of a $ 999.9 million UNKNOWN gain from restructuring its energy operations and other adjustments . 
net income rose to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales increased 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the gain resulted from the sale of grace equipment co. , the initial public offering of a UNKNOWN interest in grace energy corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural UNKNOWN assets not part of grace energy . 
the international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN rights that reflected a 99 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses . 
UNKNOWN american corp. of south africa ltd. said the third-quarter combined profit of its six gold mines dropped 9.9 % from the previous quarter . 
total net income fell to 999.9 million rand ( $ 999.9 million ) from 999.9 million rand in the june quarter . 
total gold production by all six mines rose 9 % to 99,999 UNKNOWN from 99,999 UNKNOWN in the previous quarter . 
doman industries ltd. said it increased its stake in western forest products ltd. to 99 % from 99 % , through a UNKNOWN transaction valued at 999 million canadian dollars ( $ UNKNOWN million ) . 
doman is based in UNKNOWN , british columbia . 
the company , founded and controlled by UNKNOWN doman , its chairman and president , said the purchase would make it canada 's 99th largest forest products company . 
under terms of the transaction , which was proposed in june , doman said it acquired international forest products ltd. 's 99 % stake in western forest , and western forest , in a related transaction , bought back a 99 % interest in the company from UNKNOWN challenge canada ltd . 
the UNKNOWN challenge canada stake was then canceled , doman said , raising doman 's interest in western forest to 99 % . 
doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 99 % interest in western forest , which is currently held by two canadian banks . 
international forest , western forest , and UNKNOWN challenge canada are UNKNOWN forest products concerns . 
the canadian government introduced in the house of UNKNOWN legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over UNKNOWN UNKNOWN telephone utilities in alberta , UNKNOWN and manitoba . 
the legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said . 
the federal government initiative follows a recent canadian supreme court decision that held that the major telephone companies in alberta , UNKNOWN and manitoba and in the atlantic coast provinces were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and subject to federal legislative authority . 
prior to the ruling the federal government had UNKNOWN only the telephone companies in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , british columbia and the northwest UNKNOWN . 
the governments of alberta , UNKNOWN and manitoba have strongly opposed federal regulation of their telephone companies . 
the extension of federal regulatory authority over telephone utilities in the atlantic provinces has n't required special legislation because they are UNKNOWN . 
amdura corp. said its bank group , led by chicago-based continental bank , agreed to extend its $ 99 million bridge loan until march 99 , 9999 , and gave it a new $ 99 million credit line . 
under terms of the loan agreement , amdura said it will UNKNOWN the next quarterly dividends on its series a , b , c and d preferred shares , which are due nov. 99 . 
since the preferred stock is cumulative , amdura said it will pay all omitted dividends , which range from $ 9.99 to $ 9.99 a share , when UNKNOWN requirements have been met . 
amdura 's bridge loan , part of the financing for amdura 's acquisition of UNKNOWN in december 9999 , was to come due next friday . 
the company 's new management , which took control of amdura 's board after a consent solicitation last month , wanted to extend the loan while it tries to sell two units . 
proceeds from those sales will be used to reduce debt . 
amdura , a denver hardware and automotive distributor , said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements . 
three savings-and-loan institutions in kansas and texas were added to the resolution trust corp. 's conservatorship program after federal regulators declared the thrifts insolvent and named the rtc their UNKNOWN . 
the deposits , assets and certain liabilities of the three thrifts were transferred to newly chartered federal mutual institutions . 
the three institutions are : UNKNOWN kansas federal savings & loan association , UNKNOWN , which had $ 999.9 million in assets ; valley federal savings & loan association of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , texas , with $ 999.9 million in assets ; and UNKNOWN savings association , el UNKNOWN , with $ 999.9 million in assets . 
the three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under UNKNOWN managing agents , while the rtc tries to negotiate permanent UNKNOWN . 
separately , century bank , phoenix , ariz. , was closed by arizona banking officials . 
the federal deposit insurance corp. approved the assumption of century 's deposits and fully secured liabilities by a newly chartered subsidiary of valley capital corp. , las vegas . 
the new institution is also called century bank , and the failed bank 's five offices will reopen today . 
the failed bank had assets of about $ 999.9 million . 
the newly chartered bank will assume about $ 999.9 million in 99,999 deposit accounts and pay the UNKNOWN a purchase premium of $ 9.9 million . 
it also will buy about $ 99.9 million of assets , and the UNKNOWN will advance $ 99.9 million to the assuming bank . 
lonrho plc of britain is to come to the rescue of the french distribution group societe commerciale de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in an operation that has been engineered with the paribas financial group , societe commerciale 's main shareholder . 
the announcement came as societe commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 99 countries , reported a loss of 999.9 million francs ( $ 99 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses . 
the rescue operation will consist of a capital boost for societe commerciale of one billion francs through issues of new shares and convertible bonds . 
cie . financiere de paribas said it intends to transfer its 99 % UNKNOWN in societe commerciale to a new company which will be jointly owned with lonrho . 
this will give paribas and lonrho joint control of societe commerciale . 
paribas said lonrho will participate in the UNKNOWN capital boost for societe commerciale . 
international business machines corp. and mca inc. said they agreed to sell their discovision associates joint venture to u.s. units of pioneer electronic corp. for $ 999 million . 
the joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 9,999 patents and patent applications relating to UNKNOWN recording technology . 
ibm and mca formed discovision in 9999 to make UNKNOWN optical products . 
but the partners did n't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped . 
after reportedly investing $ 999 million in the business , discovision UNKNOWN manufacturing operations in 9999 and sold many of its assets to UNKNOWN pioneer , among others . 
discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering cd UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN disk players , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN players . 
it also licenses UNKNOWN based data storage and UNKNOWN devices . 
james n. UNKNOWN , president of discovision and a vice president of mca , said that ibm and mca had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that pioneer approached discovision earlier this year . 
he said it is n't certain whether discovision 's current management will remain when pioneer buys the company . 
the agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year . 
tokyo stocks closed higher in moderately active but UNKNOWN trading as the recent anxiety in world stock markets continued to UNKNOWN . 
london shares also closed firmer in thin trading driven largely by technical factors and support from a new wall street rally . 
prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in europe , asia and the pacific . 
tokyo 's nikkei index of 999 issues , which gained 999.99 points wednesday , climbed 999.99 , or 9.99 % , to 99999.99 . 
volume on the first section was estimated at 999 million shares , compared with 999 million wednesday . 
winners outnumbered losers 999-999 , with 999 issues unchanged . 
in early trading in tokyo friday , the nikkei index rose 999.99 points , to 99999.99 . 
on thursday , the tokyo stock price index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 9.99 point wednesday , was up 99.99 , or 9.99 % , at 9999.99 . 
the morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions UNKNOWN in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's UNKNOWN , traders said . 
sentiment was helped by the small gain made by new york stocks wednesday despite anxiety over possible effects of the major earthquake that struck northern california tuesday . 
having survived both last friday 's 9.9 % wall street plunge and the immediate aftermath of the san francisco bay area earthquake , tokyo market participants expressed relief that trading had returned to normal . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , general manager of the stock trading division at nikko securities , said that after looking at the reasons for friday 's wall street plunge , participants realized that the tokyo and new york markets have different economic fundamentals . 
this conclusion , he said , restored the credibility of tokyo stocks . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head of the investment information department at daiwa investment trust & management , said that if new york stocks just UNKNOWN in or near their current range , the tokyo market will remain firm with a moderately upward trend for the rest of the year . 
but traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of u.s. interest rates remains unclear . 
`` investor interest switches back and forth UNKNOWN as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , '' mr. UNKNOWN of daiwa investment trust said . 
many of wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and UNKNOWN their buying to other issues , traders said . 
pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
fujisawa pharmaceutical gained 999 to 9,999 yen ( $ 99.99 ) a share , UNKNOWN pharmaceutical was up 999 at 9,999 , and UNKNOWN advanced 99 to 9,999 . 
housing issues were boosted by a report that daiwa house expects to post 99 % higher earnings for its latest fiscal year , traders said . 
daiwa house advanced 999 to 9,999 , UNKNOWN homes was up 99 at 9,999 , and UNKNOWN house gained 999 to 9,999 . 
leading construction companies also attracted interest for their strong earnings UNKNOWN , traders said . 
they and many other major japanese corporations will issue results soon for the fiscal first half ended sept. 99 . 
UNKNOWN was up 99 to close at 9,999 , UNKNOWN gained 99 to 9,999 , and UNKNOWN advanced 99 to 9,999 . 
other winners included real estate issues mitsubishi estate , which closed at 9,999 , up 999 , and mitsui real estate development , which gained 999 to 9,999 . 
steel shares fell back after advancing for three days . 
UNKNOWN steel was down 99 at 999 , UNKNOWN steel lost 9 to 999 , and nippon steel slipped 9 to 999 . 
mitsubishi UNKNOWN , a leading UNKNOWN wednesday , fell 99 to 999 as investors grabbed profits . 
london 's financial times-stock exchange 999-share index finished 99.9 points higher at 9999.9 . 
the financial times 99-share index ended 99.9 higher at 9999.9 . 
volume continued to ease from the active dealings at the start of the week . 
turnover was 999.9 million shares , compared with 999.9 million wednesday . 
dealers said the market was UNKNOWN by a squeeze in ft-se 999 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and UNKNOWN concerns . 
but despite the flurry of interest in those shares , dealers said , the market remains nervous about wall street 's volatility and high u.k. interest rates . 
u.k. money supply figures for september , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit . 
among the stocks featured in the market-makers ' squeeze was sears , which closed at 999 pence ( $ 9.99 ) a share , up 9 . 
general universal stores , another UNKNOWN stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 99 to # 99.99 . 
UNKNOWN gained 9 to 
another active ft-se 999 stock was clothing and furniture retailer UNKNOWN , which gained 9 to 999 . 
insurers recovered ground again on UNKNOWN demand and UNKNOWN buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the european community 's planned market UNKNOWN in 
royal insurance was the sector 's hottest issue , ending 99 higher at 999 . 
sun alliance fell 9 to close at 999 , and general accident jumped 99 to # 99.99 . 
b.a.t industries surged in afternoon dealings after its shareholders approved a plan to UNKNOWN of its u.s. and u.k. retailing operations to fend off UNKNOWN investment 's # 99.9 billion ( $ 99.99 billion ) hostile bid . 
with the company also UNKNOWN a plan to buy back as many as 99 % of its shares outstanding , b.a.t closed at 999 , up 99 . 
turnover was 9.9 million shares , including about four million shares traded in the afternoon after the shareholders ' meeting . 
b.a.t said it purchased 9.9 million shares at 999 . 
in other european markets , shares closed sharply higher in stockholm , frankfurt , zurich and paris and higher in milan , amsterdam and brussels . 
south african gold stocks closed firmer . 
prices also closed higher in singapore , sydney , taipei , wellington , hong kong and manila but were lower in seoul . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
the federal response to california 's earthquake crisis was UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN between the white house and san francisco 's mayor art agnos . 
mr. agnos complained that he was `` UNKNOWN off '' that vice president dan quayle , who UNKNOWN the earthquake site wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
the mayor said the quayle visit was `` a publicity UNKNOWN . '' 
the white house said mr. quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN to pick him up . 
mr. agnos declined the UNKNOWN , the white house said . 
marlin fitzwater , white house press secretary , also asserted that mr. agnos had failed to return telephone calls from john sununu , white house chief of staff . 
`` we regret very much that the mayor of san francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city , '' mr. fitzwater said . 
by late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN . 
the white house announced that mr. agnos , along with the UNKNOWN of oakland and UNKNOWN , are to UNKNOWN president bush on a tour of the earthquake area today . 
and one white house official reported that mr. agnos had been `` very helpful '' in making arrangements for mr. bush 's UNKNOWN scheduled trip to california . 
gold and silver broker UNKNOWN semel asked a federal court to halt the commodity exchange from imposing a record $ 999,999 fine on his firm . 
the suit , filed in federal court in manhattan , also asks that the comex 's nine-month suspension of mr. semel be lifted , pending the broker 's appeal of the disciplinary measures . 
the fine and suspension , announced in august , are the UNKNOWN sanctions the comex has ever ordered against one of its members . 
the comex accused the 99-year-old mr. semel of `` fraudulent conduct '' and improper trading . 
the disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in april 9999 . 
mr. semel and his firm , semel & co. , have appealed the comex decision and the sanctions to the commodity futures trading commission . 
the commission denied mr. semel 's request that the fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal . 
the lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker and his firm `` will be UNKNOWN injured and their business will be totally and permanently destroyed . '' 
already the firm has paid $ 999,999 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to UNKNOWN additional assets in order to pay the rest . 
a spokesman for the comex could n't be reached to comment . 
the federal national mortgage association said 99 lenders across the u.s. have agreed to offer home loans under fannie mae 's pilot program for elderly people . 
fannie mae , a federally chartered and UNKNOWN company , said the lenders include prudential home mortgage co. , a unit of prudential insurance co. of america that operates in every state . 
prudential insurance is based in newark , n.j . 
fannie mae has agreed to buy as much as $ 999 million of loans under its seniors ' housing opportunities pilot program , which offers four types of loans to people 99 years of age or older to help them maintain their home or obtain housing . 
the loans can be for UNKNOWN apartments , for UNKNOWN built in a relative 's yard , for UNKNOWN or for UNKNOWN transactions . 
fannie mae makes a secondary market in home loans . 
it buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
robert m. gintel , senior partner of a greenwich , conn. , investment firm , said he plans to launch a proxy fight against the board of UNKNOWN xtra corp . 
mr. gintel , head of gintel & co. , said he plans to conduct a proxy contest to UNKNOWN a majority of xtra 's board at the next annual stockholders meeting . 
xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on mr. gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . '' 
the company also said its 9999 annual meeting has not been scheduled . 
mr. gintel owns 999,999 of the company 's 9.9 million common shares outstanding . 
xtra said it recently bought back approximately 99,999 of its shares UNKNOWN to its existing UNKNOWN to acquire as many as 999,999 shares . 
mr. gintel has filed suit in delaware UNKNOWN court , seeking to block xtra 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , mr. gintel said xtra `` has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders . 
stocks and bonds surged on the second anniversary of black monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates . 
the dow jones industrials closed up 99.99 , at 9999.99 , after rising over 99 points in UNKNOWN . 
the rally brought the gain so far this week to about 999 points . 
the dollar finished mixed , while gold declined . 
consumer prices climbed a moderate 9.9 % in september , mostly due to higher clothing costs . 
energy prices continued to fall at the retail level , but economists worried about a big rise in wholesale energy costs . 
british airways dropped out of the current bidding for united air 's parent , leaving a ual UNKNOWN group without a key partner . 
british air 's move raised new questions about the buy-out group 's efforts to revive a stalled bid for ual . 
a capital-gains UNKNOWN plan was dropped by senate democrats under pressure from their leadership . 
the move is a setback for bush , who needs democratic support to pass a capital-gains cut in the senate . 
other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to UNKNOWN the 9999 tax overhaul . 
many retailers are worried that a price war could UNKNOWN this christmas if UNKNOWN firms such as campeau slash prices to spur sales . 
at&t unveiled a sweetened early retirement plan for management that the company hopes will save it $ 999 million in the next year . 
also , profit rose 99 % in the third quarter . 
chrysler will idle a toledo assembly plant temporarily due to slowing sales of its profitable jeep cherokee and UNKNOWN sport utility vehicles . 
digital equipment 's profit fell 99 % in the latest quarter , prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead . 
analysts were troubled by signs of flat u.s. orders at the computer maker . 
ibm plans to unveil over 99 software products on tuesday to try to end some of the problems in computerizing manufacturing operations . 
the tv units of paramount and mca are exploring offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week . 
bankamerica 's profit jumped 99 % in the third quarter . 
the rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and only minor loan losses . 
big board short interest fell 9.9 % for the month ended oct. 99 , the second decline in a row . 
borrowed shares on the amex rose to another record . 
bell atlantic posted a strong earnings gain for the third quarter , as did southern new england telecommunications . 
but nynex , pacific telesis and u s west had lower profits . 
b.a.t industries won shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off sir james goldsmith . 
american express 's profit climbed 99 % in the quarter , aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in third world loan reserves . 
markets -- 
stocks : volume 999,999,999 shares . 
dow jones industrials 9999.99 , up 99.99 ; transportation 9999.99 , up 99.99 ; utilities 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 9999.99 , up 
commodities : dow jones futures index 999.99 , up 9.99 ; spot index 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
dollar : 999.99 yen , up 9.99 ; 9.9999 marks , off 9.9999 . 
computer sciences corp. , el UNKNOWN , calif. , said the national UNKNOWN and space administration will negotiate details of a contract valued at about $ 999 million to provide software for the UNKNOWN research center . 
included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year UNKNOWN . 
nasa awarded the contract to UNKNOWN in november but an appeal by sterling software inc. of dallas sent the contract to the general services administration board of contract appeals and the board required nasa to UNKNOWN bidders ' proposals . 
sterling had completed a five-year contract for nasa but lost its bid for renewal . 
as directed by the board , nasa completed the evaluation and again chose UNKNOWN . 
for its fiscal year ended march 99 , UNKNOWN had revenue of $ 9.9 billion . 
aftershocks UNKNOWN northern california amid an earthquake cleanup . 
as power and commuters returned to much of downtown san francisco for the first time since tuesday 's temblor in the bay area , three strong aftershocks , one measuring 9.9 on the richter scale , UNKNOWN the region . 
serious injuries or damages were n't reported . 
californians , meanwhile , tried to cope with UNKNOWN services , blocked roadways and water shortages in the aftermath of the tremor that left scores dead and injured . 
thousands remained homeless . 
bush is to visit the area today , and officials in washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 9.9 billion . 
a series of earthquakes struck northern china , killing at least 99 people , UNKNOWN hundreds and UNKNOWN about 9,999 homes , the UNKNOWN news agency said . 
the senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by bush to prohibit UNKNOWN of the u.s. flag . 
while the proposal won a slight majority , the 99-99 vote was well short of the two-thirds needed to approve changes in the constitution . 
it was considered a victory for democratic leaders , who favor a law barring flag burning . 
the house approved an $ 999 million aid package for poland and hungary , nearly double what bush had requested . 
the vote of 999-99 sent the measure to the senate . 
britain 's chief justice UNKNOWN the murder UNKNOWN of four people for UNKNOWN republican army UNKNOWN that killed seven people in 9999 . 
the reversal came after the government conceded that investigators may have UNKNOWN evidence . 
the `` UNKNOWN four , '' three UNKNOWN and an UNKNOWN , have been UNKNOWN since 9999 . 
the nobel prize in literature was won by UNKNOWN jose cela , a spanish writer . 
his 9999 novel `` the family of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' is considered the most popular work of UNKNOWN in spanish since UNKNOWN 's `` don UNKNOWN '' was published 999 years ago . 
the swedish academy in stockholm cited the 99-year-old cela for `` rich and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
the editor of UNKNOWN was dismissed and succeeded by a UNKNOWN of soviet leader gorbachev . 
the action at the communist party daily , viewed as the soviet union 's most UNKNOWN newspaper , was considered the most significant development in a week of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN over the press , including sharp criticism from gorbachev . 
east germany 's new leader met with UNKNOWN church officials to discuss a growing opposition movement demanding democratic UNKNOWN . 
as they UNKNOWN near east berlin , a pro-democracy protest UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN city of UNKNOWN , and activists threatened further rallies against leader krenz 's expected UNKNOWN policies . 
police in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN an international meeting on human rights , UNKNOWN czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and 99 other activists . 
a leading u.s. UNKNOWN monitor also was briefly held . 
dissident UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN reportedly escaped the UNKNOWN , the fourth against activists in recent days . 
bush met in washington with spain 's prime minister gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that madrid can play in UNKNOWN democracy in eastern europe and latin america . 
gonzalez , who pledged to help monitor voting in nicaragua , was said to be carrying proposals for free elections in panama . 
the galileo spacecraft UNKNOWN UNKNOWN toward the planet jupiter , while five UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the space shuttle atlantis measured the earth 's ozone layer . 
the robot probe was dispatched wednesday by the shuttle crew , which is to conduct a series of medical and other experiments before their scheduled landing monday in california . 
argentina and britain agreed to resume UNKNOWN and economic relations , seven years after the two nations battled over the UNKNOWN islands . 
the announcement , in which they said UNKNOWN had UNKNOWN , followed a two-day meeting in madrid . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the capital of UNKNOWN , killing at least 99 people , as the soviet union was reported to be UNKNOWN arms and food to UNKNOWN 's forces . 
fighting also was reported around the strategic town of UNKNOWN , near the UNKNOWN border . 
saudi arabia 's foreign minister met in UNKNOWN with president UNKNOWN to develop a plan for the withdrawal of UNKNOWN 's 99,999 troops from lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 99-year-old civil war . 
the talks came as UNKNOWN negotiations on political changes appeared UNKNOWN . 
gop sen. specter of pennsylvania said he would vote to UNKNOWN federal judge alcee hastings in his impeachment trial on charges of UNKNOWN and bribery conspiracy . 
specter , the vice chairman of the senate 's evidence panel , said there was `` UNKNOWN evidence to UNKNOWN '' the miami UNKNOWN . 
after slipping on news of a UNKNOWN u.s. inflation figure , the dollar rebounded later in the trading day . 
the u.s. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the u.s. consumer price index . 
the report showed that september consumer prices rose just 9.9 % , a smaller increase than expected . 
the market had anticipated a 9.9 % rise in the price index . 
the september index fueled speculation , UNKNOWN to the dollar , that the federal reserve soon will ease monetary policy further . 
but foreign-exchange dealers said the dollar staged a quick comeback , prompted by a round of short covering and some fresh buying interest later in the trading day . 
traders said that a nearly 99-point gain in the dow jones industrial average , fueled in part by news of a UNKNOWN price index , had little influence on the dollar 's moves . 
`` the market is beginning to UNKNOWN itself from wall street , '' said one new york trader . 
in late new york trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , down from 9.9999 marks late wednesday , and at 999.99 yen , up from 999.99 yen late wednesday . 
sterling was quoted at $ 9.9999 , up from $ 9.9999 late wednesday . 
in tokyo friday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , up from thursday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
some analysts said the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the u.s. economy than earlier indicated . 
they point out that september 's UNKNOWN index showed a 9.9 % increase . 
they noted that because the consumer price index , known as the UNKNOWN , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the UNKNOWN index , or UNKNOWN , it could signal further easing by fed . 
others suggested , however , that the fed will hold any changes in monetary policy in check , leaving fed funds at around 9 9\/9 % , down from the 9 % level that UNKNOWN from july through september . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief economist with the swiss bank corp. , said that both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN climbed around 9 9\/9 % year-to-year in september . 
he argued that both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN have in fact UNKNOWN since spring . 
`` the fed wo n't be UNKNOWN into easing , '' mr. UNKNOWN said , predicting that for now , interest rates will stay where they are . 
a four-day matched UNKNOWN agreement , a move to drain liquidity from the system , was viewed as a technical move , rather than an indication of UNKNOWN credit . 
market participants note that the mark continues to post UNKNOWN gains against its u.s. counterpart than any other major currency , particularly the yen . 
`` there 's a UNKNOWN pit of dollar demand '' by japanese investors , said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , managing director of foreign exchange at UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN banking corp. in new york , adding that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN demand would n't hold the dollar at its recent levels against the japanese currency . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that the mark remains well bid against other currencies as well . 
robert white , manager of corporate trading at first interstate of california , called the market `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' noting that the u.s. remains a `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bag '' for japanese investors which accounts for the UNKNOWN demand for u.s. dollars . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold dropped $ 9.99 to $ 999.99 an ounce in moderate trading . 
estimated volume was three million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong friday , gold was at about $ 999.99 an ounce . 
hotel investors trust and its affiliate , hotel investors corp. , said the companies plan to sell all of the hotels the companies own and operate , except for two UNKNOWN in las vegas , UNKNOWN . 
the hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said john UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
value of the properties and management interests was n't disclosed . 
in all , the los angeles-based trust plans to sell its interests in 99 hotels , while the corporation will sell its management interests in 99 of those properties . 
UNKNOWN from the sale are the interests of the trust and the corporation in two las vegas UNKNOWN . 
after completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more UNKNOWN properties . 
the companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 99 cents during the sale process , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
for the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 999,999 . 
UNKNOWN international inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its UNKNOWN products and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , posted a 99 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 9.9 % sales boost . 
the UNKNOWN , ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year ago . 
sales totaled $ 9.99 billion up from $ 9.99 billion the previous year . 
for the nine-month period , UNKNOWN said net rose 99 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , during the year-ago period . 
sales for the nine months were up 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion in the same period in 9999 . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
a group bidding for american medical international inc. , new york , said it formally received the final financing needed for a $ 9 billion bid for about 99 % of the hospital operator 's stock . 
the offer from ima acquisition corp. , for as many as 99 million shares , is set to expire wednesday . 
earlier this month , ima said it had received about $ 9 billion of senior debt financing from chemical bank and six other banks ; chemical bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 999 million . 
in addition , the $ 9 billion bid includes $ 9 billion of debt that will be assumed by ima , $ 999 million of high-yield junk bonds that will be sold by first boston corp. and $ 999 million of equity . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , american medical closed at $ 99.999 , up $ 9.999 . 
american medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` UNKNOWN of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
american medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers . 
h&r block is one of the great success stories of u.s. business . 
oddly enough , this UNKNOWN a problem for the stock . 
some money managers are UNKNOWN with h&r block because they suspect the company 's glory days are past , or at least passing . 
block 's UNKNOWN business is mature , they say , and some of its UNKNOWN are facing tough competition . 
it 's no secret that block UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN business . 
the street knows all about the UNKNOWN of its earnings , which are headed for a UNKNOWN consecutive yearly increase . 
the company has consistently earned more than a 99 % annual return on its net worth while many companies would be happy with 99 % . 
but the UNKNOWN business simply has no more room to grow , says mark UNKNOWN , director of research for capital supervisors inc. , a chicago firm that manages $ 9.9 billion . 
`` you go to any medium-sized town in the u.s. and you 're going to see h&r block tax services . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN 's firm once held about 9.9 % of h&r block . 
that was before the 9999 tax `` reform '' made taxes more complex than ever . 
`` one thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that congress will do stupid things with the tax code . '' 
but capital supervisors sold the last of its h&r block holdings earlier this year . 
`` they 're UNKNOWN around for diversification , '' he says . 
`` i think a lot of their businesses are just UNKNOWN . '' 
last week the stock hit an UNKNOWN high of 99 9\/9 before getting UNKNOWN up in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it closed yesterday at 99 9\/9 . 
to be sure , the stock still has a lot of fans . 
`` if you invested $ 99,999 in the initial public offering in 9999 , it would be worth well over $ 9 million today , '' says UNKNOWN e. UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , money manager . 
`` i do n't know what the risk is { of holding the stock } . 
taxes are not going out of business . '' 
many of his UNKNOWN feel the same way . 
the number of big institutions that own h&r block shares is 999 and growing , according to a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN investment technologies . 
brokerage houses are sweet on h&r block , too . 
UNKNOWN investment research counts five brokerage houses that consider the stock a buy , and four that call it a hold . 
none UNKNOWN say to sell it . 
but some money managers are doing just that . 
eugene sit , president of sit investment associates in minneapolis , says , `` when we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to UNKNOWN '' because of computerized tax filing and instant refunds ( the customer gets a refund immediately but pays extra to the tax UNKNOWN , which UNKNOWN for uncle sam 's check ) . 
but neither of those developments did much to UNKNOWN up growth , mr. sit says . 
he figures block earnings are now growing at about a 99 % annual rate ( down from about 99 % the past five years ) and will grow at an UNKNOWN % rate in the future . 
that 's `` not bad , '' mr. sit says , but it sure does n't justify block shares being priced at 99 to 99 times estimated earnings for fiscal 9999 . 
he wants stocks whose price / earnings ratio is less than their growth rate ; as he figures it , h&r block does n't even come close . 
two other money managers , in explaining why they have sold large amounts of h&r block stock this year , spoke on the condition they not be named . 
`` the stock was going no place and the earnings were UNKNOWN , '' said one . 
( in the past two years , the stock almost stalled out . 
it was above 99 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 9999 , and has n't gotten much higher since . ) 
`` there 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added . 
the UNKNOWN subsidiary ( which provides information to UNKNOWN users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its UNKNOWN is `` still too complicated . '' 
UNKNOWN provides about 99 % of both sales and earnings . 
the tax business still provides about 99 % of earnings , on about 99 % of sales . 
personnel pool ( temporary workers , mostly in the health-care area ) chips in close to 99 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings . 
the shortage of UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN profit at personnel pool , said the second money manager . 
he concedes h&r block is `` UNKNOWN '' and `` a great company , '' but says `` it does n't grow fast enough for us . 
we 're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable { UNKNOWN } multiple . '' 
thomas m. UNKNOWN , president and chief operating officer , says `` i would disagree '' that the tax business is mature . 
for example , he says , the company is planning to go nationwide with a new service , tested in parts of the country , aimed at taxpayers who want refunds in a hurry . 
mr. UNKNOWN concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
`` we 're still interested { in diversifying } , '' he says , `` but we 'd rather be prudent than make a mistake . '' 
he also says UNKNOWN 's earnings continue to grow `` 99 % to 99 % a year '' in spite of tough competition from giants like sears and ibm . 
and he says block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently . 
h&r block ( nyse ; UNKNOWN ) 
business : tax preparation 
year ended april 99 , 9999 : 
revenue : $ 999.9 million 
net loss : $ 999.9 million ; $ 9.99 a share 
first quarter , july 99 , 9999 : 
per-share earnings : loss of 9 cents vs. loss of 9 cents 
average daily trading volume : 999,999 shares 
UNKNOWN industries inc. said its board authorized the redemption dec. 9 of the company 's $ 9 cumulative convertible special preferred stock at $ 99.99 a share , not including a 99 cent dividend for the current quarter , and the $ 9 cumulative convertible preferred stock at $ 99 , plus a 99 cent dividend for the current quarter . 
the dayton , ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business dec. 9 . 
each $ 9 cumulative share can be converted into 9.99 common shares ; the ratio on the $ 9 cumulative is eight common shares for each $ 9 cumulative preferred . 
UNKNOWN did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue . 
company officials could n't be reached . 
earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed UNKNOWN leveraged buy-out at $ 99.99 a share , or $ 999 million . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
puts and calls , stock market UNKNOWN for options to sell or buy a company 's shares , were long an UNKNOWN wall street art best left to the experts , who used them either as a hedge or for pure speculation . 
options lost some of their mystery in 9999 when the chicago board of trade set up a special exchange to deal in them . 
until then , options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market , mostly in new york , and in an almost UNKNOWN secondary market operating UNKNOWN by telephone . 
the chicago board of trade , the no. 9 u.s. grain market , had long UNKNOWN under the attention won by its UNKNOWN archrival , the UNKNOWN mercantile exchange . 
so the men who ran the grain UNKNOWN UNKNOWN when joseph sullivan , a 99-year-old former wall street journal UNKNOWN , offered them the idea of UNKNOWN trading . 
after four year of UNKNOWN and $ 9.9 million in UNKNOWN money , the board set up the new marketplace , UNKNOWN it the chicago board options exchange , and named sullivan its first president . 
the UNKNOWN were modest . 
the cboe opened for business on april 99 , 9999 , in what had been a board of trade UNKNOWN . 
it listed just 99 options to buy a `` pilot list '' of stocks on the new york stock exchange . 
( puts , or sell options , would not be added until 9999 . ) 
the 999 members had paid $ 99,999 apiece for seats . 
( the 9999 price : $ 999,999 . ) 
the first day 's business was 999 contracts ( each for 999 shares of one of the listed stocks ) . 
by the end of 9999 , the number of `` underlying '' big board stocks had been increased to 99 and the options exchange had run up volume of 9.9 million contracts . 
a year later , it was 9.9 million . 
last year , more than 9,999 traders on the cboe bought and sold 999 million contracts on 999 listed stocks , 99 % of all u.s. listed options trading . 
the new exchange drew instant recognition from an unwelcome quarter . 
the government , UNKNOWN against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the cboe over its UNKNOWN system . 
the nuclear regulatory commission ruled unanimously that the financial troubles facing the seabrook , n.h. , UNKNOWN plant have no impact on whether the plant receives a UNKNOWN license . 
massachusetts attorney general james shannon , opposing the license , said he will appeal the ruling in federal court . 
seabrook officials said the plant could receive a UNKNOWN license by the end of the year . 
the UNKNOWN rejected mr. shannon 's argument that public service co. of new hampshire , which owns the largest share of seabrook , and 99 other owners are financially unable to guarantee the plant 's safe operation . 
mr. shannon was seeking a UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN policy that UNKNOWN financial considerations in making licensing decisions . 
in its ruling , the UNKNOWN said that because seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is UNKNOWN . 
`` the UNKNOWN found the circumstances of the case did n't undercut the assurance from government rate UNKNOWN of available funds adequate for safe operation , '' said a commission spokesman . 
in january 9999 , the utility filed for protection under chapter 99 of the federal bankruptcy code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits . 
bristol-myers squibb co. , new york , the newly merged drug and UNKNOWN company , reported record third-quarter earnings for both companies in the merger . 
bristol-myers co. and squibb corp. , princeton , n.j. , merged oct. 9 , but the new company reported UNKNOWN earnings for both companies . 
for the fourth quarter , bristol-myers squibb will report one set of earnings . 
bristol-myers said net income rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales gained 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
squibb corp. said net rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales were $ 999.9 million , up 9 % from $ 999.9 million . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , bristol-myers squibb rose $ 9.99 to $ 99.99 . 
UNKNOWN industries inc. , hurt by softness in the u.s. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales were nearly UNKNOWN to the year-earlier $ 9.99 billion . 
the drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the pittsburgh glass , UNKNOWN and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass . 
glass sales to canadian and european auto makers and sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased . 
the UNKNOWN segment also posted higher sales particularly in north america and europe . 
but sale increases were offset by UNKNOWN sales in flat glass and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the company said . 
also , chemicals sales were slightly down because of lower prices for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
jefferies group inc. said third-quarter net income fell 9 % , to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share on more shares , a year earlier . 
revenue rose 99 % , to $ 99 million from $ 99.9 million . 
jefferies , a los angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended sept. 99 created an UNKNOWN pretax loss of about $ 9 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
for the nine months , jefferies said net fell 99 % , to $ 9.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue fell 9 % , to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
sony corp. , new york , said its bids for columbia pictures entertainment inc. and UNKNOWN entertainment co. have been cleared by federal antitrust regulators . 
the japanese company said the waiting period under the UNKNOWN antitrust act for the $ 9.9 billion bid for columbia and the $ 999 million offer for UNKNOWN expired monday . 
sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with warner communications inc. over the services of producers peter guber and jon peters . 
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy columbia . 
sony added that a hearing has been set for thursday in the delaware UNKNOWN court in one of the suits . 
thursday , october 99 , 9999 
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
prime rate : 99 9\/9 % . 
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks . 
federal funds : 9 9\/9 % high , 9 9\/9 % low , 9 99\/99 % near closing bid , 9 99\/99 % offered . 
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 9 million or more . 
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a . ) inc . 
discount rate : 9 % . 
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank . 
call money : 9 9\/9 % to 99 % . 
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days . 
commercial paper : high-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 9,999 : 9.999 % 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 days . 
certificates of deposit : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % two months ; 9 % three months ; 9.99 % six months ; 9.99 % one year . 
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 9 million and more . 
the minimum unit is $ 999,999 . 
typical rates in the secondary market : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % three months ; 9.99 % six months . 
bankers acceptances : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days . 
negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
london late eurodollars : 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % two months ; 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % four months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % five months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % six months . 
london interbank offered rates ( libor ) : 9 9\/9 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/99 % six months ; 9 9\/99 % one year . 
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks . 
foreign prime rates : canada 99.99 % ; germany 9.99 % ; japan 9.999 % ; switzerland 9.99 % ; britain 99 % . 
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 99 , 9999 , auction of short-term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 99,999 to $ 9 million : 9.99 % 99 weeks ; 9.99 % 99 weeks . 
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ) : posted yields on 99-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days . 
9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.999 % , 9 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) : posted yields on 99 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days ( priced at par ) 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.99 % , 9\/9 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 9.99 % . 
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 99 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
china said the question of taiwan 's membership in the general agreement on tariffs and trade should be considered only after china 's own membership in the 99-nation organization is restored . 
both china and taiwan are seeking seats in gatt , which sponsors UNKNOWN agreements and sets UNKNOWN rules . 
`` as one of china 's provinces , taiwan has no right to join gatt on its own , '' foreign ministry spokesman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said . 
china , under the UNKNOWN government of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was a founding member of gatt in 9999 . 
the UNKNOWN withdrew in 9999 , after their flight to taiwan , and the communist government in beijing applied for UNKNOWN of china 's membership in july 9999 . 
the u.s. has UNKNOWN opposition to china 's bid for gatt membership , saying china has yet to UNKNOWN needed economic reforms . 
japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , UNKNOWN corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years . 
the `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' can run at over 999 miles an hour , a company spokesman said . 
the base price of the car is estimated at 99 million yen ( about $ 999,999 ) . 
UNKNOWN said it intends to produce the cars through a car manufacturer . 
along with the car , UNKNOWN plans to launch a series of UNKNOWN men 's underwear . 
`` our image is a company that makes women 's products , '' said a UNKNOWN spokesman . 
`` now , we 're going to sell to men . '' 
the british UNKNOWN magazine private eye won an appeal against the size of a $ 999,999 libel award to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN wife of the `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' mass UNKNOWN . 
an UNKNOWN panel slashed all but $ 99,999 from the award , the largest ever set by a british jury , pending a UNKNOWN of the damages . 
but the panel dismissed the magazine 's UNKNOWN that it had n't UNKNOWN mrs. UNKNOWN when it accused her of trying to sell her story to UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN of her husband . 
private eye had been threatened with UNKNOWN because it could n't afford the libel payment . 
UNKNOWN co. , a travel agent based in UNKNOWN , japan , announced that it and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. , a major japanese trading house , will jointly build a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , australia . 
UNKNOWN said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties . 
UNKNOWN has a 99 % stake in the venture and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN has the rest . 
construction of the UNKNOWN building will begin next may and should be completed in april 9999 . 
units will cost from 999,999 to 9.9 million australian dollars ( about us$ 999,999 to us$ 9.9 million ) . 
the soviet union has halted construction of two UNKNOWN nuclear UNKNOWN and is UNKNOWN the future of 99 other existing UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice chairman of the state committee on nuclear safety , said the two UNKNOWN were at UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
news of the halt comes amid growing anger in the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN over continuing high levels of UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN . 
a former vice president of the singapore branch of drexel burnham lambert group inc. was charged in court yesterday on 99 counts of cheating . 
francis UNKNOWN , 99 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating drexel burnham lambert of up to 9.9 million singapore dollars ( us$ 9.9 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the london commodities exchange and the international petroleum exchange . 
mr. UNKNOWN is alleged to have used the account of singapore hotel and property UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to effect the transactions . 
japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon UNKNOWN . 
a ministry of international trade and industry official said that a study found that japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 9.9 % if UNKNOWN emissions remained at this year 's level of 999 million tons . 
the study will support arguments against UNKNOWN UNKNOWN emissions that japan will make at a UNKNOWN conference on UNKNOWN pollution next month . 
the study said japan 's UNKNOWN emissions would slightly more than double by 9999 unless the nation reduced its UNKNOWN on fossil UNKNOWN . 
it said that expanding UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is the UNKNOWN way to UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN . 
but increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said . 
just in time for UNKNOWN , britain 's UNKNOWN university press is publishing a `` UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . '' 
the books 9,999 UNKNOWN include stepping on cracks and knocking on wood ... . 
in new zealand 's tiny UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , which has had direct UNKNOWN for less than a year , about 99 angry UNKNOWN customers questioned the size of their bills . 
it turned out their children had been UNKNOWN a `` sex fantasy '' service in the u.s. . 
slowing sales of its profitable jeep cherokee and UNKNOWN sport utility vehicles are forcing chrysler corp. to temporarily idle its toledo , ohio , assembly plant for the first time since april 9999 . 
about 9,999 hourly workers will be UNKNOWN off for a week beginning oct. 99 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a chrysler spokesman said . 
that 's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company 's bullish expectations . 
sales of cherokee , the UNKNOWN jeep , and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were actually up about 99 % through the end of last month . 
but that 's less than chrysler officials had hoped when they set ambitious production schedules for the toledo plant earlier this year . 
even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , chrysler officials `` resisted '' cutting output because cherokee and UNKNOWN are `` very profitable vehicles , '' the spokesman said . 
instead , chrysler officials in late may UNKNOWN $ 9,999 cash rebates on the vehicles , including the first such incentives on the popular UNKNOWN cherokee since chrysler bought jeep in 9999 . 
the incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had UNKNOWN by last month . 
the result : chrysler dealers had a UNKNOWN 99-day supply of the cherokee as of the end of last month and a 999-day supply of the UNKNOWN pickup , which toledo also builds . 
a 99-day to 99-day supply is considered normal . 
at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , one of the largest jeep UNKNOWN in the country , inventories have continued to UNKNOWN . 
steve lowe , general manager of UNKNOWN , ga. , UNKNOWN , said new rebates of $ 999 to $ 9,999 on the models have UNKNOWN sales , but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks . 
`` if people are n't buying , you have to close plants , '' he said . 
separately , chrysler said it will idle for four weeks the st. louis assembly plant that builds the chrysler UNKNOWN and dodge UNKNOWN models . 
chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on nov. UNKNOWN , and 9,999 hourly workers will be affected . 
general motors corp. , meanwhile , said it will idle for yet another week its UNKNOWN , n.j. , assembly plant , bringing to three weeks the total time that plant will be UNKNOWN during october . 
gm said the assembly plant , which builds the chevrolet corsica and beretta UNKNOWN cars , originally was scheduled to reopen monday but now will not resume production until oct. 99 . 
the shutdown UNKNOWN 9,999 workers and will cut output by about 9,999 cars . 
sluggish sales of the beretta and corsica spurred gm to offer $ 999 rebates on those cars . 
the corsica and beretta make up the UNKNOWN car line at chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.9 % for the year , and fell a steep 99.9 % early this month . 
gm has scheduled overtime at its UNKNOWN , ohio , and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , assembly plants , which build the chevrolet UNKNOWN . 
ford motor co. said it will shut down for one week its kentucky truck plant because of a `` shortage of dealer orders . '' 
the shutdown will idle 9,999 hourly employees and eliminate production of about 9,999 medium and heavy duty trucks . 
the assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on oct. 99 . 
meanwhile , the nine major u.s. auto makers plan to build 999,999 cars this week , down 99.9 % from 999,999 a year ago and flat with last week 's 999,999 car output . 
UNKNOWN - includes chevrolet UNKNOWN and toyota UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN - revised . 
UNKNOWN - UNKNOWN 9999 figure includes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through july . 
lotus development corp. 's net income rose 99 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period . 
yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase . 
first fidelity UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , n.j. , reported a 99 % drop in third-quarter profit , because of a decline in earning assets , lower loan volume and tighter interest margins . 
the bank holding company posted net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , including $ 9.9 million , or three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits . 
a year earlier , net was $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
first fidelity said UNKNOWN assets increased to $ 999.9 million sept. 99 from $ 999.9 million june 99 . 
the rise resulted from the transfer to UNKNOWN status of $ 99 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' first fidelity said . 
it said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , UNKNOWN $ 99 million of these credits . 
first fidelity said it boosted its loan-loss provision to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year ago , primarily because of a weaker real-estate sector in the region . 
viacom inc. 's loss narrowed to $ 99.9 million in the third quarter from $ 99.9 million a year ago . 
thursday 's edition misstated the narrowing . 
coastal corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN oil refinery . 
coastal would n't disclose the terms . 
coastal , a houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in october 9999 . 
the company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and other products . 
the company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from UNKNOWN . 
exxon corp. built the plant but closed it in 9999 and sold off much of the equipment to UNKNOWN contractors , from whom coastal bought back much of the equipment . 
a coastal spokesman said the biggest expense will be to UNKNOWN the refinery but would n't say how much that would be . 
the prime minister of UNKNOWN has said it could cost around $ 999 million . 
coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 99,999 barrels of jet fuel , 99,999 barrels of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN fuel , 99,999 barrels of UNKNOWN , 99,999 barrels of UNKNOWN fuel oil , 9,999 barrels of UNKNOWN and 99,999 barrels of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
loral corp. said fiscal second-quarter net income was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with year-earlier earnings from continuing operations of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
year-earlier net of $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , included the results of loral 's former aircraft UNKNOWN systems and engineered UNKNOWN divisions , which were sold april 99 to the company 's chairman , bernard l. schwartz . 
the defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense . 
loral also reported that its bookings more than doubled to $ 999 million in the quarter , ended sept. 99 , from $ 999 million , in the UNKNOWN period . 
the increase was due mainly to a $ 999 million order from turkey to UNKNOWN its fleet of f-99 UNKNOWN with loral 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN iii electronic UNKNOWN system . 
the order is the biggest in the company 's history . 
sales in the latest period edged up to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
mr. schwartz said the recent increase in orders `` puts us well on the way to our goal of $ 9.9 billion in bookings for the year . '' 
he added : `` i expect to see the earnings momentum we experienced this quarter continue for the rest of the year . '' 
loral said it expects sales to UNKNOWN in both the third and fourth quarters of this fiscal year . 
loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 9999 was $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
net income fell 9.9 % to $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
fiscal UNKNOWN sales slipped 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
bookings for the first half totaled $ 999 million , compared with the $ 999 million recorded last year . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , loral closed at $ 99.99 , down 99.9 cents . 
healthvest said two of its lenders have given it UNKNOWN of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans . 
healthvest , an austin , texas , real estate investment trust , said that chemical bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 9.9 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 999 million that healthvest has outstanding under the credit line . 
the bank group also said that it wo n't make additional advances under the $ 999 million credit line . 
healthvest missed a payment to the group that was due in late september . 
in addition , healthvest said bank of tokyo trust co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default . 
healthvest missed an interest payment to bank of tokyo on oct. 9 . 
however , healthvest said the tokyo bank indicated that it wo n't UNKNOWN healthvest 's $ 99 million loan . 
healthvest is in a severe liquidity UNKNOWN because its affiliate , UNKNOWN international inc. , has failed to make about $ 99.9 million in principal and interest payments owed since august . 
UNKNOWN operates many of the health-care properties that healthvest owns . 
empire pencil , later called UNKNOWN , developed the plastic pencil in 9999 . 
yesterday 's centennial journal misstated the company 's name . 
storage technology corp. had net income of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , for its UNKNOWN quarter ended sept. 99 , almost 99 times the $ 999,999 , or two cents a share , it posted for the year-ago period . 
storage , louisville , colo. , which makes UNKNOWN devices for mainframe computers , said the huge increase in net reflects `` strong sales '' of its tape products , particularly the 9999 UNKNOWN cartridge system , which holds a library of tape UNKNOWN . 
the company said it recently sold its UNKNOWN cartridge system , which cost $ 999,999 to $ 999,999 each . 
quarter revenue was $ 999.9 million , up 99 % from $ 999 million last year . 
the stock market reacted strongly to the news . 
storage rose $ 9.999 a share , to close at $ 99 , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
for the nine months , storage had net of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , including an $ 99.9 million extraordinary gain for the anticipated proceeds from UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN unit . 
net was up 99 % from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , last year . 
revenue for the latest period was up 99 % to $ 999.9 million , from $ 999.9 million . 
a canadian government agency UNKNOWN approved proposed exports to the u.s. of natural gas from big , UNKNOWN fields in the UNKNOWN river delta area of the western canadian UNKNOWN . 
three companies , esso resources canada ltd. , shell canada ltd. and gulf canada resources ltd. , applied to the canadian national energy board to export 9.9 trillion cubic feet of UNKNOWN delta natural gas over 99 years starting in 9999 . 
to be economically UNKNOWN , the 99 billion canadian dollar ( us$ 9.99 billion ) project requires almost a doubling of natural gas export prices . 
it also faces numerous other hurdles including an agreement on a pipeline route for the gas . 
the board said the export licenses would be issued on the condition that canadian interests would also be allowed to bid for the UNKNOWN delta gas on terms similar to those offered to u.s. customers . 
u.s. buyers have already been lined up . 
they include enron corp. , texas eastern corp. , pacific interstate UNKNOWN co. and tennessee gas pipeline co . 
the project could result in the u.s. taking more than 99 % of its natural gas supplies from canada , up from about 9 % currently . 
it would bring 99 gas fields into production at a combined rate of about 9.9 billion cubic feet a day . 
the board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the UNKNOWN delta to alberta would be about c$ 9.9 million . 
it also said projections of UNKNOWN u.s. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of c$ 9.99 per thousand cubic feet by 9999 would make the project economically viable . 
esso , a unit of imperial oil ltd. which is 99%-owned by exxon corp. , will be allowed to export 9.9 trillion cubic feet to the u.s. in the 99-year period . 
shell , a subsidiary of royal dutch / shell group , will be allowed to export 9.9 trillion cubic feet , and gulf , a unit of olympia & york developments ltd. will be allowed to export 9.9 trillion cubic feet . 
combustion engineering inc. , stamford , conn. , said it sold and agreed to sell several investments and UNKNOWN businesses for about $ 999 million , which will be used for reducing debt and general purposes . 
the transactions are UNKNOWN . 
the company agreed to sell its minority investments in makers of UNKNOWN and related equipment , stein UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , to the major shareholder in the companies , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
combustion engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold illinois minerals co. , based in UNKNOWN , ill . 
that unit of its georgia UNKNOWN co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of UNKNOWN corp . 
assets of construction equipment international , houston , were sold to UNKNOWN crane inc. , and the assets of UNKNOWN electronics , UNKNOWN , pa. , were sold to closely held charter technologies inc . 
where do americans put their money ? 
it depends on when you look . 
in 9999 , for instance , less than 9 % of assets went into bank deposits . 
that rose to nearly 99 % during the depression , and has n't changed much since . 
pension reserves , on the other hand , made up a relatively small part of household assets until the last decade , when they UNKNOWN . 
and there has been a UNKNOWN decline in the importance of UNKNOWN business assets -- thanks to industry UNKNOWN and a decline in family farms . 
that 's some of what UNKNOWN from the following charts , which show how americans have changed their investment patterns over the past 99 years . 
some results are UNKNOWN . 
but other figures are surprising . 
housing , for instance , has remained a fairly steady component of household assets over the past decade -- although common wisdom would have expected an increase . 
`` there is a lot of attention paid to housing as a form of household wealth , '' says edward n. UNKNOWN , professor of economics at new york university . 
`` but it has n't increased much relative to other assets . 
it suggests that households UNKNOWN wealth across a broad UNKNOWN of assets . 
and housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major { growing } household asset , is n't . '' 
in addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and UNKNOWN of the stock market , and not a shift in UNKNOWN preferences . 
`` stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes robert UNKNOWN , an economist at cornell university . 
`` to me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 999 years ago . '' 
-- the charts show how UNKNOWN assets have been distributed over time . 
the main components of the various UNKNOWN categories : housing : primary home , but not the land it 's on . 
land and other real estate : land on which primary home is built , investment property . 
consumer UNKNOWN : automobiles , appliances , furniture . 
bank deposits : currency , UNKNOWN deposits , small savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , money-market fund shares . 
bonds : UNKNOWN bond funds . 
stocks / mutual funds : stocks and mutual funds other than money-market funds . 
UNKNOWN business : partnerships and sole UNKNOWN , professional corporations . 
pension reserves : holdings by pension funds . 
mccaw cellular communications inc. said it sent a letter to lin broadcasting corp. UNKNOWN its revised tender offer for lin and asking lin to conduct `` a fair auction . '' 
the letter apparently came in response to a request for UNKNOWN by lin earlier this week . 
lin , which has agreed with bellsouth corp. to merge their UNKNOWN businesses , said then that it would n't take a position on mccaw 's revised tender offer . 
earlier this month , mccaw revised its offer to $ 999 a share for 99 million lin shares . 
mccaw is seeking 99.9 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring mccaw to begin an auction process in july 9999 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of lin . 
the letter UNKNOWN broad powers for an independent group of directors provided for in the revised offer . 
in a statement , craig o. mccaw , chairman and chief executive officer of mccaw , said : `` we trust lin will take no further actions that favor bellsouth . '' 
mccaw said the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board . 
the UNKNOWN would be UNKNOWN by the independent directors . 
lin would have a priority right to pursue all opportunities to acquire u.s. cellular interests in markets other than those in which mccaw holds an interest , or which are UNKNOWN to those markets , unless lin has an interest there or UNKNOWN to it . 
independent directors would have veto rights to any acquisition if they unanimously decide it is n't in lin 's best interest . 
independent directors would be able to block transactions they unanimously UNKNOWN would be likely to depress the private market value of lin at the time it is to be sold in five years . 
if lin is put up for sale rather than purchased by mccaw in five years , mccaw wo n't submit a bid unless the independent directors request it , and the independent directors will run the bidding . 
the directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional bell operating companies to purchase the company 's interests . 
mca inc. said third-quarter net fell 9.9 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
mca said revenue rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the entertainment concern said the success of several movies released during the quarter , including `` UNKNOWN '' and `` uncle buck , '' contributed to record revenue for its film unit . 
both mca 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN units also posted record revenue and operating profit . 
the parent company 's net included a loss -- which it did n't specify -- that was related to the company 's 99 % stake in UNKNOWN odeon corp . 
UNKNOWN , a toronto theater chain , had a second-quarter net loss of $ 99.9 million . 
mca said net also included certain reserves related to the restructuring of its UNKNOWN toys ' international operations . 
these items were partly offset , mca said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its miller international unit , a maker and distributor of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , mca rose $ 9.99 to $ 99 . 
in the nine months , net rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue increased 99 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
past due UNKNOWN 
i never pay my bills UNKNOWN the very last day ; i lose far less interest by proceeding that way . 
but it all UNKNOWN out , it 's so easy to see : not UNKNOWN the last moment am i paid what 's due me . 
-- arnold j. UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN had strict UNKNOWN views on sex , and that is why you only see him UNKNOWN in the museum . 
-- laurence w. thomas . 
helmsley enterprises inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the new york firm . 
helmsley enterprises is the UNKNOWN organization for companies controlled by harry b. helmsley . 
these include office and residential real estate giant , UNKNOWN inc. , and helmsley hotels . 
the insurance brokerage agency , just a UNKNOWN of helmsley 's vast empire , would be the first piece of the company to be stripped away since last summer when mr. helmsley 's wife , UNKNOWN helmsley , was found guilty of tax UNKNOWN . 
industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 99 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 99 % commission rate , of about $ 9.9 million . 
the insurance firm acts as a broker on policies covering buildings managed by UNKNOWN and others . 
many of the properties are owned through limited partnerships controlled by mr. helmsley . 
new york state law UNKNOWN insurance UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN more than 99 % of revenue from UNKNOWN affiliated companies . 
helmsley 's insurance division had slightly exceeded that percentage , sources say , but the division was n't considered significant enough to the company to be restructured , particularly at a difficult time for the firm . 
adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management UNKNOWN have put pressure on the entire helmsley organization . 
however , individuals close to the company insist UNKNOWN the insurance division , a sideline from the company 's core property management business , is n't the beginning of a sale of assets . 
helmsley 's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies . 
frank b. hall inc. of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , n.y. is reportedly working out an agreement with helmsley . 
officials there declined to comment , as did helmsley management . 
outside the UNKNOWN headquarters of the UNKNOWN society of orange workers , all seems normal in south africa 's UNKNOWN society . 
a pickup truck driven by a white farmer UNKNOWN past with a load of black workers UNKNOWN in the back . 
over at UNKNOWN , the general store , a black stock boy UNKNOWN to help an elderly white woman with her packages . 
down the street , a car UNKNOWN into the shell station and is UNKNOWN by black attendants . 
but inside the white walls of the orange workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the dutch UNKNOWN church and the school -- south africa 's UNKNOWN racial order is UNKNOWN . 
a dozen white office workers UNKNOWN newsletters and stuff them into UNKNOWN . 
white women serve tea and coffee , and then wash the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN afterwards . 
white children empty the UNKNOWN baskets and UNKNOWN the windows . 
there is n't a black worker in UNKNOWN . 
not in the kitchen , or the UNKNOWN or the book shop . 
`` if we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , '' says UNKNOWN verwoerd jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the orange workers , founded in 9999 . 
they do indeed want their own nation . 
the UNKNOWN of apartheid may be UNKNOWN in the rest of south africa , with UNKNOWN opening its public facilities to all races , blacks UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN and the government UNKNOWN seven leaders of the banned african national congress . 
but here in morgenzon , a UNKNOWN town amid the corn fields of the eastern UNKNOWN , the orange workers are holding the UNKNOWN steady . 
the orange workers -- who take their name from william of orange of the netherlands , a UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- believe that the solution to south africa 's racial problems is n't the UNKNOWN of apartheid , it 's the UNKNOWN of apartheid -- complete and total UNKNOWN of the races . 
here , then , is where the orange workers have come to make apartheid 's last stand . 
their idea is to create a city , first , and then an entire nation -- without blacks . 
this may seem to be a UNKNOWN and utterly UNKNOWN effort in africa . 
and the fact that there are only 9,999 UNKNOWN orange workers may put them on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but their ideal of an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN reserve to be UNKNOWN out of UNKNOWN south africa , is a mainstream desire of the UNKNOWN , which UNKNOWN about one-third of the country 's five million whites . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN have long UNKNOWN on the need for a white UNKNOWN . 
the orange workers are just putting this UNKNOWN into practice . 
thus , farmer UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , his UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN covered in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN around under his UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
on almost every other farm in south africa , black workers do the repairs . 
but not here . 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN his own fields , UNKNOWN his own corn and UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN his own sheep . 
over at the UNKNOWN factory , four white workers UNKNOWN water tanks on their own , and in their UNKNOWN time they build UNKNOWN across the road . 
on main street , UNKNOWN verwoerd and her UNKNOWN look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family . 
down by the stream , a group of orange workers puts the finishing UNKNOWN on a golf course . 
if whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer UNKNOWN van UNKNOWN , whites should also build it by themselves . 
`` if we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life . 
the UNKNOWN must end his reliance on others . '' 
in their UNKNOWN to perfect apartheid , the orange workers have discovered a truth that most of UNKNOWN white south africa tries UNKNOWN to deny : the master ca n't become dependent on the UNKNOWN and expect to remain master forever . 
`` if apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the UNKNOWN that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two UNKNOWN that ca n't go on forever , '' says mr. verwoerd . 
he is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge UNKNOWN of his late father , UNKNOWN f. verwoerd , apartheid 's UNKNOWN and south african prime minister from 9999 to 9999 . 
somewhere , the son UNKNOWN , things went UNKNOWN wrong with apartheid ; today , whites even rely on blacks to police their UNKNOWN . 
`` people took separate development as an opportunity to use black labor without ever getting rid of it . 
but my father meant it to mean real UNKNOWN , '' says the son . 
the orange workers speak UNKNOWN . 
`` we agree with world opinion that the status UNKNOWN in south africa is UNKNOWN wrong , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the orange workers ' chief UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
`` we must either integrate UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
morgenzon has long been a special UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
according to mr. verwoerd , the early UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were the first people to settle in the eastern UNKNOWN , even before the blacks . 
then , when morgenzon was UNKNOWN in 9999 , the farmer who owned the land UNKNOWN that only whites could UNKNOWN in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night . 
today , morgenzon is a town of 999 whites and two UNKNOWN roads . 
UNKNOWN push up through the cracks in the UNKNOWN , and many houses and UNKNOWN are empty . 
there are few factories and no mines . 
it was an ideal place for the orange workers to start their new nation , UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN that have UNKNOWN apartheid elsewhere in south africa . 
so far , about 999 orange workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 9 million buying up property over the past three years . 
still , complete and total UNKNOWN remains UNKNOWN . 
just beyond the city limits is a UNKNOWN of 9,999 blacks who are employed throughout the area . 
despite the orange workers ' intention to put them all out of work , they are in no hurry to leave . 
a young man called july ( that 's when he was born ) , who works at the railroad station just up the street from the orange workers office , points at the UNKNOWN building and says UNKNOWN , `` we 're not allowed in there , that 's all i know . '' 
the UNKNOWN local whites who are n't orange workers are more troubled . 
try as they might , they just ca n't UNKNOWN of life without black workers . 
`` impossible , impossible , '' say the UNKNOWN , an elderly couple who have run the general store for decades . 
`` we ca n't do without their help , '' says mrs. UNKNOWN . 
`` UNKNOWN no . 
we need them and i UNKNOWN god for them . '' 
over at the shell station , owner UNKNOWN van UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN as morgenzon 's mayor , worries that the orange workers have made his town the UNKNOWN of the nation . 
`` what they want us to do just is n't practical , '' he says , noting that he employs 99 blacks . 
`` i could n't afford to hire 99 whites . 
the only UNKNOWN who would be willing to work for this salary would n't know how to handle money . '' 
back at the verwoerd house , UNKNOWN sr. UNKNOWN down over the shoulder of UNKNOWN jr . 
the son believes that when the UNKNOWN finally realize there is no turning back the integration of south african society and politics , morgenzon will boom . 
`` we urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation , '' says mr. verwoerd . 
`` by UNKNOWN a place now , we make ourselves a power any new government will have to take into account . '' 
UNKNOWN , he compares the orange workers to the UNKNOWN , which his father UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
`` the UNKNOWN wo n't be stopped until there is a provision for black UNKNOWN , '' says mr. verwoerd . 
`` likewise , no government will stop this idea of the UNKNOWN . '' 
he UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` look , '' he says , `` if the rest of south africa wants to have an integrated UNKNOWN pot , that 's their choice . 
we 'll leave them alone . 
we just want to have our own cup of tea . '' 
and they will even serve it themselves . 
UNKNOWN , now you can pick up that phone . 
but do n't do anything rash . 
after last friday 's stock-market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks . 
not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : despite the market 's volatility , the dow jones industrial average has surged 999 points in the past four days . 
now , with a UNKNOWN of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful UNKNOWN . 
`` the market is sending nervous signals , '' says peter j. canelo , chief market strategist for bear , stearns & co. , and it 's `` UNKNOWN '' to be UNKNOWN to stocks . 
alan UNKNOWN , president of UNKNOWN capital management , a los angeles UNKNOWN firm , adds that in periods of uncertainty like today , `` it 's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio . '' 
not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim . 
`` we are n't inclined to UNKNOWN stock portfolios now , '' says steven g. einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of goldman , sachs & co . 
`` investors should stay with their stocks . 
we expect a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN is limited . '' 
and even those who say some selective selling may be in order stress that individuals need to be in the stock market to achieve their long-term investment objectives and to help balance their other assets . 
any selling , they say , should be well UNKNOWN , and executed gradually , during market rallies . 
they offer these suggestions : 
get rid of the dogs . 
`` sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , '' says alfred goldman , technical analyst at st. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN edwards & sons . 
`` most people do just the opposite : they sell their winners and keep their losers . '' 
which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ? 
technology stocks , says mr. goldman . 
watch for earnings disappointments . 
a company does n't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale , says charles i. UNKNOWN jr. , chief market strategist at merrill lynch & co . 
if earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock . 
john UNKNOWN , director of research for the american association of individual investors , raises a UNKNOWN note . 
`` UNKNOWN a rule of UNKNOWN for your own judgment '' can be a mistake , he says . 
an earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that 's short-term . 
but mr. UNKNOWN says , `` the risk is that earnings disappointments will continue . '' 
the economy is UNKNOWN after six good years , and `` right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later . '' 
which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ? 
computer companies ; commodity cyclical stocks , like autos ; and retailing stocks , he says . 
UNKNOWN of heavy debt . 
the companies apt to run into earnings problems UNKNOWN are the ones with heavy debt UNKNOWN , says larry UNKNOWN , partner in the san mateo , calif. , UNKNOWN firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & kaiser . 
mr. canelo of bear stearns agrees : `` if we do have an economic slowdown , '' he says , `` companies with high debt ratios will be dumped UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
the best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now , the two advisers say . 
sell ` UNKNOWN ' stocks . 
ual corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a UNKNOWN to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says mr. canelo . 
takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks UNKNOWN their lending requirements , he says . 
`` there 'll be fewer and fewer deals . '' 
moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock . 
in general , they say , avoid takeover stocks . 
compare UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN ratios with prospects . 
mr. canelo suggests that investors compare price / earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per-share earnings for a 99-month period ) with projected growth rates . 
`` if you think earnings will grow at 99 % a year , it 's all right to pay 99 times earnings , '' he says . 
`` but do n't pay 99 times earnings for a company that 's expected to grow at 99 % a year . '' 
mr. canelo thinks the market will probably go higher , but `` will be UNKNOWN with stocks if the earnings are n't there . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that investors should n't UNKNOWN follow any specific price / earnings sell trigger . 
`` if you say sell UNKNOWN a company 's price / earnings ratio UNKNOWN 99 , that UNKNOWN out all your growth stocks , '' he says . 
`` you eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . '' 
UNKNOWN what has changed . 
tom UNKNOWN , market analyst at UNKNOWN edwards & sons inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock . 
say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works . 
now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped . 
time to sell , says mr. UNKNOWN . 
similarly , he says , UNKNOWN you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 999 million by 9999 . 
if things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 999 million until 9999 , it 's time to consider selling , he says . 
usx corp. declined a united steelworkers request for a UNKNOWN of its four-year labor contract that is due to expire jan. 99 , 9999 . 
the union on oct. 9 requested that the contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 9999-99 and 9999-99 UNKNOWN of bargaining . 
a united steelworkers UNKNOWN said lynn williams , the union 's president , was out of town . 
the union wo n't respond to the usx statement until mr. williams has studied it , the spokesman said . 
robert a. UNKNOWN , chief financial officer and a director of this UNKNOWN pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president . 
in addition , michael w. UNKNOWN , executive vice president of a columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company . 
the UNKNOWN take effect nov. 9 . 
both men are 99 years old . 
this magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 99 . 
they are : james r. UNKNOWN , 99 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN international inc. ; robert g. schwartz , 99 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of metropolitan life insurance co. , and walter v. UNKNOWN , 99 , chairman and chief executive officer of chemical banking corp . 
bankamerica corp. reported a 99 % jump in third-quarter earnings , as its UNKNOWN recovery from nearly UNKNOWN losses several years ago continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and UNKNOWN loan losses . 
for the quarter , bankamerica said it earned $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , compared with $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
bankamerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't UNKNOWN affected by the tuesday earthquake . 
all but eight of the 999 branches , which had some structural damage , reopened yesterday for business . 
UNKNOWN teller machine operations also were up and operating yesterday , a bank spokesman said . 
for the first time in nearly two years , bankamerica results failed to improve in consecutive quarters , but the decline from the second quarter was UNKNOWN to special factors . 
third-quarter profit was 99 % below the $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , earned in the 9999 second quarter . 
the company cited higher tax credits in the second quarter , totaling $ 99 million , compared with $ 99 million in the third quarter . 
excluding tax credits , profit was 9 % below the second quarter . 
but that drop was caused entirely by a decline in UNKNOWN interest paid , to $ 9 million from $ 99 million the second quarter . 
moreover , bankamerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 999 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 999 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
the provision rate was far above bankamerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 99 million in the third quarter , compared with $ 99 million in the second period and $ 99 million a year earlier . 
as a result , bankamerica said its reserve against troubled UNKNOWN loans , once below 99 % , now amounts to 99 % of the $ 9.9 billion of UNKNOWN debt it UNKNOWN it is owed by those nations . 
that level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 99 % and 999 % reserves of bankers trust new york corp. and UNKNOWN morgan & co. , respectively . 
by any measure , third-quarter earnings were still robust , equivalent to a 9.99 % return on assets even excluding tax credits . 
by that key measure of operating efficiency , bankamerica turned in a better performance than its UNKNOWN los angeles-based competitor , security pacific corp. , which posted a 9.99 % return in the third quarter . 
but it continued to badly trail its san francisco neighbor , wells fargo & co. , which reported an extraordinary 9.99 % return on assets . 
both returns do n't include any tax credits . 
`` they { bankamerica } continue to show good performance , '' said donald k. UNKNOWN , an analyst with UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc. , san francisco . 
in composite trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange , bankamerica common stock edged up 99.9 cents to close at $ 99 a share . 
shareholder equity improved to 9.99 % from 9.99 % in the previous quarter . 
the 9.99 % net interest margin , or the difference between the yield on a bank 's investments and the rate it pays for deposits and other borrowings , was still UNKNOWN higher than the 9.99 % ratio a year earlier , and is among the best in the industry , analysts said . 
the high margin partly stems from continued strong growth in UNKNOWN consumer loans , which jumped 99 % to $ 99.99 billion from a year earlier , and residential mortgages , which rose 99 % to $ 99 billion . 
bankamerica 's total loans rose 9 % to $ 99.99 billion . 
for the nine months , bankamerica profit soared 99 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
international business machines corp. will announce on tuesday a slew of software products aimed at eliminating some of the major problems involved in computerizing manufacturing operations , industry executives said . 
many plant floors currently UNKNOWN a tower of UNKNOWN , with computers , UNKNOWN and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other . 
as a result , if a problem develops on a production line , it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it . 
so ibm will be announcing more than 99 products that will be aimed at letting even the UNKNOWN machine UNKNOWN talk to the UNKNOWN mainframe , or anything in between . 
in an unusual display of openness , ibm also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by ibm 's competitors . 
in addition , the executives said ibm will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write UNKNOWN software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line . 
in armonk , n.y. , an ibm spokeswoman confirmed that ibm executives will be announcing some UNKNOWN plans next week but declined to elaborate . 
the industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from ibm , this one will be part reality and part strategy . 
so it will take many quarters for ibm to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations . 
also as usual , the products will appeal mostly to heavy users of ibm equipment , at least initially . 
still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the UNKNOWN market -- a market that UNKNOWN group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 99 billion by 9999 . 
`` this is a step in the right direction , '' said martin UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN group analyst . 
he added , though , that `` a lot of this is intentions ... . 
we 'll have to wait and see '' how the plan develops . 
the announcements also should help ibm go on the offensive against digital equipment corp. on the plant floor . 
while ibm has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools , digital has dominated computerized manufacturing . 
hewlett-packard co. also has begun to gain share in the whole UNKNOWN arena . 
ibm will face an UNKNOWN climb against digital , given digital 's reputation for being better than ibm at UNKNOWN together different manufacturers ' computers . 
in addition , hewlett-packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that UNKNOWN those UNKNOWN and could give ibm some problems . 
both can be expected to go after the market aggressively : UNKNOWN group inc. , a research firm , estimated the digital gets 99 % of its revenue from the manufacturing market , and hewlett-packard gets 99 % . 
ibm , which UNKNOWN group said generates 99 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment . 
that is because many companies will UNKNOWN on certain types of equipment as the various parts of the manufacturing market merge , and ibm is the biggest player . 
but much will depend on how quickly ibm can move . 
the whole idea of UNKNOWN manufacturing , UNKNOWN , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little UNKNOWN over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a UNKNOWN that would make u.s. plants more efficient and UNKNOWN foreign competition . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening . 
but he said a system such as ibm 's should help significantly . 
in making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't UNKNOWN , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
that can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away . 
but mr. UNKNOWN said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred . 
they could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene . 
the computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled , eliminating waste . 
this sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
companies might be able to tell salespeople daily , for instance , about idle equipment , so they could offer discounts on whatever that equipment produces . 
salespeople also could get a precise reading on when products could be delivered -- in much the same way that federal express has marketed its ability to tell exactly where a package is in the delivery system . 
ford motor co. 's merkur , the company 's first new car franchise in the u.s. since the UNKNOWN was unveiled in 9999 , now will share UNKNOWN 's fate . 
ford said yesterday it will halt imports of the merkur scorpio , a $ 99,999 luxury sedan built by ford of europe in west germany . 
the cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of UNKNOWN dealers -- as opposed to new models such as UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN , which are sold under existing ford divisions . 
the move to halt imports -- announced 99 years and 99 months to the day after henry ford ii declared that the UNKNOWN division and its UNKNOWN car would be scrapped -- UNKNOWN the four-year-old merkur brand in the u.s. market . 
it will continue to be sold in the european market . 
merkur 's death is n't nearly as costly to ford as was the UNKNOWN debacle , because merkur was a relatively UNKNOWN project with limited sales goals . 
still , merkur 's UNKNOWN is a setback for ford at a time when the company 's image as the u.s. auto maker with the golden touch is showing signs of strain . 
the no. 9 auto maker 's new UNKNOWN and mercury UNKNOWN models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced , and ford 's trucks are losing ground to their gm rivals . 
this fall , ford introduced only one new product : a UNKNOWN version of its UNKNOWN lincoln town car luxury model . 
the UNKNOWN of merkur ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) comes after a september in which 999 merkur dealers managed to sell only 99 UNKNOWN . 
total merkur sales for the first nine months dropped 99 % from a year ago to just 9,999 cars . 
merkur is n't the only european luxury brand having problems in the u.s. . 
the japanese assault on the luxury market is rapidly UNKNOWN such european makes as UNKNOWN and saab , which at least have clear brand images . 
merkur , as an import on domestic car lots , suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is UNKNOWN sales of imports at general motors corp. and chrysler corp . 
merkur was originally aimed at UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the kind of young , affluent buyers who would n't be caught dead in a town car -- a vehicle so UNKNOWN that ford is staging a press event next month UNKNOWN the town car 's launch to the UNKNOWN of a new aircraft carrier in norfolk , va . 
but the brand had trouble from the start . 
the first merkur , the UNKNOWN , went on sale in early 9999 . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in part because american buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in may 9999 , ford began importing the scorpio sedan from west germany to sell next to a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . 
ford officials said they expected the two UNKNOWN would sell about 99,999 cars a year , and in 9999 they reached that goal , as sales hit 99,999 cars . 
it was UNKNOWN from there , however . 
one major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark , which began less than a year after merkur 's 9999 launch . 
as the west german currency rose , so did merkur prices . 
the merkur cars also suffered from UNKNOWN quality , some dealers say . 
`` it was like a comedy of errors , '' says martin j. `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN , a big dealer whose star UNKNOWN operation in UNKNOWN , mich. , sold more UNKNOWN 's than any other UNKNOWN . 
but by the third quarter of 9999 , UNKNOWN had a high satisfaction rating in internal ford studies , a spokesman said . 
apparently , however , the improvement came too late . 
last fall , ford announced it would UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN in the u.s. at the end of the 9999 model year . 
ford said then it would keep the scorpio . 
this year , scorpio sales plummeted , and at the current sales pace it would take ford 999 days to sell off the current scorpio inventory of about 9,999 cars . 
canadian pacific ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 99 % of soo line corp. it does n't already own for $ 99.99 a share , or about $ 99.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year . 
soo line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
the troubled UNKNOWN railroad concern said the committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it . 
the proposed acquisition will be subject to approval by the interstate commerce commission , soo line said . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , soo line shares jumped well above the proposed price , closing at $ 99.99 , up $ 9.99 . 
canadian pacific put its 99 % stake in soo line up for sale last year but could n't find any UNKNOWN . 
canadian pacific , which has interests in transportation , telecommunications , forest products , energy and real estate , finally took its majority block off the market this spring . 
`` it turned out we could n't sell it , '' a canadian pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of soo line is now `` the best way to UNKNOWN operations . '' 
canadian pacific is soo line 's biggest customer and has owned a majority stake in the u.s. railroad since 9999 . 
canadian pacific and soo line tracks UNKNOWN at two points in the west on the UNKNOWN border and the two companies operate a very successful UNKNOWN rail service . 
separately , for the first nine months , soo line reported a loss of $ 999,999 , or four cents a share , compared with net income of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
revenue fell 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the company had a loss from operations of $ 9.9 million . 
golden nugget inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , based on 99.9 million common shares and UNKNOWN equivalents outstanding . 
the results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 9.9 million , or seven cents a share , based on 99.9 million common and UNKNOWN equivalents outstanding . 
operating revenue rose 99 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year ago . 
results for the latest quarter include UNKNOWN items of $ 99.9 million , UNKNOWN $ 9.9 million a year earlier . 
most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge UNKNOWN UNKNOWN scheduled to open next month along the strip , and an april 9999 financing by units operating the downtown golden nugget property . 
for the nine months , golden nugget reported a net loss of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , based on 99.9 million common and UNKNOWN equivalents outstanding . 
the year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , based on 99 million common shares and UNKNOWN equivalents outstanding . 
the 9999 results include a $ 99.9 million charge stemming from a litigation judgment . 
separately , the casino operator said its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions . 
an additional 999,999 shares are authorized for repurchase under an earlier stock buy-back program . 
john UNKNOWN , an analyst with raymond james & associates , said the results were n't surprising , and attributed the buy-back to management 's confidence in the UNKNOWN 's ability to generate strong cash flow in 9999 . 
yesterday , in new york stock exchange composite trading , golden nugget common closed at $ 99.99 , up $ 9 . 
capital holding corp. said it requested and received the resignation of john a. franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company . 
the company said mr. franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with capital holding corp. 's UNKNOWN and investment group , which mr. franco headed . 
the group temporarily will report to UNKNOWN w. bailey ii , chairman , president and chief executive officer of capital holding . 
mr. franco , 99 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
he said he `` did n't argue with '' the company 's decision to seek his resignation because UNKNOWN outside business ventures can UNKNOWN an executive from performing his best `` at the job he is paid to do . '' 
martin h. UNKNOWN , a managing director of capital holding 's UNKNOWN and investment group , also resigned to pursue other business interests , capital holding said . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 , said that he had `` an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' with capital holding and that he has `` a number of ventures in the financial-services area '' under consideration . 
he said that his resignation was a mutual decision with capital holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
the UNKNOWN and investment group is responsible for the investment operations of all capital holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions . 
it also sells UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to individuals . 
mr. bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the nov. 9 board meeting . 
UNKNOWN 
money market deposits - a 9.99 % 
a - average rate paid yesterday by 999 large banks and thrifts in the 99 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by bank rate monitor . 
b - current annual yield . 
guaranteed minimum 9 % . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
plastic pencils , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , made their UNKNOWN debut in children 's pencil boxes at UNKNOWN stores in 9999 . 
but few knew it then and most still think all pencils are wooden . 
eagle pencil of UNKNOWN , tenn. , `` pencil city u.s.a. , '' had made its earliest pilot plastic pencils in 9999 . 
but it was n't until after it hired arthur d. little , a cambridge , mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 9999 . 
three UNKNOWN UNKNOWN applied april 9 , 9999 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 9999 to hasbro industries , then eagle 's parent . 
pencil UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and put the plastic models behind their UNKNOWN just like traditional pencils made of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of california UNKNOWN UNKNOWN filled with UNKNOWN lead . 
it takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type . 
UNKNOWN machines UNKNOWN long plastic UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that are printed , cut , painted and UNKNOWN . 
`` after more than 999 years , something new has happened to pencils , '' said arthur d. little in a 9999 report that publicly described the previously secret UNKNOWN . 
eagle 's plastic type UNKNOWN and looks like a wooden pencil . 
a major difference is that a snapped wooden pencil will have a UNKNOWN break while a plastic model will break UNKNOWN . 
the softness of the core UNKNOWN the plastic models to no. 9 , no. 9 or no. UNKNOWN pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
artists and UNKNOWN need harder `` leads . '' 
eagle , now called UNKNOWN , remains a leading company among the 99 in the u.s. that produced about 9.9 billion pencils last year , according to the pencil makers association . 
it 's a trade secret how many were plastic , and most writers still do n't know what they 're using . 
h.f. ahmanson & co. , the nation 's largest thrift holding company , posted a 99 % earnings decline for the third quarter while another large california savings and loan , great western financial corp. , reported a slight earnings gain . 
h.f. ahmanson , parent of home savings of america , reported third-quarter net of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , down from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 99 % from 99 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said . 
pretax earnings declined 9.9 % . 
for the nine months , los angeles-based h.f. ahmanson had profit of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a 9.9 % decline from earnings of $ 999.9 million in the year-ago nine months . 
the company said the decline was UNKNOWN to a 99 % reduction in net gains on loan sales this year . 
third-quarter UNKNOWN widened to the highest level in two years as loan portfolio yields rose and money costs declined , the company said . 
great western financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from a year ago . 
great western , based in beverly hills , calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to great western bank , an s&l . 
great western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter . 
margins are the difference between the yield on the company 's earning assets and its own cost of funds . 
but a reduction in one-time gains on the sale of various assets and an increase in the company 's provision for loan losses held down the earnings gain , the company said . 
great western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 99.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 99.9 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and UNKNOWN real estate markets outside california . '' 
for the nine months great western posted net of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a 9.9 % decline from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-ago period . 
dun & bradstreet corp. posted a 99 % rise in third-quarter earnings . 
but revenue declined more than 9 % , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of credit services in the wake of controversy over the company 's sales practices . 
the information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former official airline UNKNOWN unit and other factors . 
net income rose to a record $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue fell to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , dun & bradstreet closed yesterday at $ 99.99 , down 99 cents a share . 
analysts said the results were as expected , but several added that the earnings UNKNOWN underlying UNKNOWN in several businesses . 
`` the quality of earnings was n't as high as i expected , '' said eric UNKNOWN , an analyst for goldman , sachs & co . 
for example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but UNKNOWN earnings of $ 99.9 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income . 
dun & bradstreet said operating earnings rose 9 % , excluding the sale of official airline UNKNOWN . 
third-quarter sales of u.s. credit services were `` UNKNOWN below sales '' of a year earlier , dun & bradstreet said . 
as previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to UNKNOWN services . 
the company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 99 million settlement of related lawsuits . 
analysts predict the sales impact will UNKNOWN . 
`` there is n't much question there will continue to be a UNKNOWN effect , '' said john UNKNOWN , an analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc . 
dun & bradstreet noted that price competition in its nielsen marketing research , nielsen clearing house and UNKNOWN marketing businesses also UNKNOWN revenue growth . 
it cited cyclical conditions in its moody 's investors service inc. and UNKNOWN plan services units . 
for the nine months , net income rose 99 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
year-earlier earnings reflected costs of $ 99.9 million related to the acquisition of UNKNOWN international . 
revenue rose slightly to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
control data corp. said it licensed its airline UNKNOWN software to the international air transport association . 
terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed . 
the computer equipment and financial services company said UNKNOWN , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 999 airline members world-wide . 
control data will receive revenue linked to the number of passengers served by the software , UNKNOWN said . 
the package helps carriers solve pricing problems , such as how to react to discounts offered by competitors or what would be the UNKNOWN number of seats to offer at a given price . 
UNKNOWN steel corp. said it decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls at its UNKNOWN tandem cold rolling mill in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
the new equipment , which will produce steel sheet with more UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , is likely to cost more than $ 99 million , the company said . 
when the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 99 million to $ 99 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost . 
the time schedule for installing the equipment also will be developed by the task force , the company said . 
sir richard butler , 99-year-old chairman of UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN . ) ltd. , was named chairman of county natwest investment management ltd. , the investment management subsidiary of county natwest ltd. , the investment banking arm of this british bank . 
sir richard succeeds john UNKNOWN , who resigned in july . 
sir richard is also a UNKNOWN director at national UNKNOWN bank and natwest investment bank ltd . 
in the long , UNKNOWN night after tuesday 's devastating earthquake , bay area residents UNKNOWN for comfort and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN they could . 
some found it on the screen of a personal computer . 
hundreds of californians made their way to their computers after the quake , and UNKNOWN in with each other on electronic UNKNOWN boards , which link computers UNKNOWN , via phone lines . 
some of the most UNKNOWN UNKNOWN came over the well , a UNKNOWN , calif. , board that is one of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the electronic UNKNOWN . 
about two-thirds of the well 's 9,999 subscribers live in the bay area . 
the quake knocked the well out for six hours , but when it came back up , it UNKNOWN with emotional UNKNOWN reports . 
following are UNKNOWN from the electronic traffic that night . 
the time is pacific UNKNOWN time , and the UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN are those subscribers use to identify themselves . 
99:99 p.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
UNKNOWN ! 
i was in the UNKNOWN , on the third floor of an old building , and except for my heart ( beat , beat ! ) i 'm ok . 
got back to UNKNOWN , and everything had fallen : broken UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with glass on the floor , file UNKNOWN open or dumped onto the floor . 
99:99 p.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i was in my favorite UNKNOWN hole , waiting for the game to start . 
i felt the temblor begin and UNKNOWN at the table next to mine , UNKNOWN that guilty UNKNOWN and we both UNKNOWN the words , `` UNKNOWN ! '' together . 
that 's usually how long it takes for the UNKNOWN to pass . 
this time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking UNKNOWN up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being UNKNOWN . 
99:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i was in the berkeley main library when it hit . 
endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and UNKNOWN us with glass . 
only a few books fell in the reading room . 
then the auto UNKNOWN shop fire sent an UNKNOWN cloud of black smoke into the air . 
99:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
my younger UNKNOWN and i are fine . 
this building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger . 
except for the gas tank at UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN service UNKNOWN and burning in downtown berkeley , things here are quite UNKNOWN . 
a lot of car UNKNOWN went off . 
the UNKNOWN are fine , although nervous . 
99:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
huge fire from broken gas main in the marina in UNKNOWN . 
areas that are made of ` fill ' UNKNOWN . 
a woman in a UNKNOWN apartment was able to walk out the window of the third floor onto street level after the quake . 
the house just settled right down into the ground . 
99:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i was driving my truck , stopped at a red light at the corner of shattuck and UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN border when it hit . 
worst part was watching power lines UNKNOWN above my head and no way to drive away . 
99:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
was 999 UNKNOWN out on a UNKNOWN in san UNKNOWN . 
it UNKNOWN all around , real dramatic ! 
many UNKNOWN cracks in the concrete UNKNOWN afterwards . 
UNKNOWN the damn fishing ! 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i UNKNOWN it out on the second floor of leo 's at 99th and telegraph in oakland . 
i heard parts of the building above my head UNKNOWN . 
i actually thought that i might die . 
i could n't decide if i should come home to UNKNOWN , because my house is on UNKNOWN . 
i decided to UNKNOWN the storm . 
there was a horrible UNKNOWN of gas as i passed the chevron refinery before crossing the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN bridge . 
i could also see the clouds across the bay from the horrible fire in the marina district of san francisco . 
i have felt many aftershocks . 
my back is still in UNKNOWN and my hands are still shaking . 
i think a few of the aftershocks might just be my body shaking . 
9:99 a.m. 
UNKNOWN : 
i could see the UNKNOWN from san francisco from my house across the bay . 
it 's hard to believe this really is happening . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room . 
books and software UNKNOWN . 
this being UNKNOWN in a standing position . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN the san andreas fault . 
did n't feel a thing , but noticed some UNKNOWN UNKNOWN behavior . 
duck UNKNOWN . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i just felt another UNKNOWN a few seconds ago . 
i 'm just UNKNOWN . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
downtown UNKNOWN seems to be the part of town that 's worst off . 
no power , minimal phones , and a mess of UNKNOWN , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the people 's UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable UNKNOWN , and the mouse that 's been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk . 
it runs out UNKNOWN now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed . 
i was in UNKNOWN beach when the quake rolled through town . 
at first , we were UNKNOWN . 
then as things got UNKNOWN , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet UNKNOWN up and down , and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
amazing what it does to one 's heart rate and one 's short-term memory . 
everyone looked UNKNOWN , but there was this UNKNOWN low level of confusion as the aftershocks continued . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
power is back on , and UNKNOWN { medical center } seems to have quieted down for the night ( they were doing UNKNOWN out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it ) . 
a friend of mine was in an UNKNOWN computer center in downtown UNKNOWN when the quake hit . 
he said that one of the computers took a UNKNOWN trip sliding across the floor . 
today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while . 
9:99 a.m . 
kim : 
i got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or UNKNOWN . 
then i noticed the car was UNKNOWN up and down as if someone were jumping on it . 
i realized what was happening and UNKNOWN into the house for the dogs . 
UNKNOWN doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and i UNKNOWN them into the dog run and stood in the UNKNOWN myself , watching the outside trash cans UNKNOWN across the concrete . 
when i realized it was over , i went and stood out in front of the house , waiting and UNKNOWN for merrill to come home , UNKNOWN as if it were 99 below zero until he got there . 
never in my life have i been so UNKNOWN . 
when i saw the pictures of 999 and the bay bridge , i began to UNKNOWN . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
the UNKNOWN { district } was more or less like a UNKNOWN party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i was just sitting down to meet with some new UNKNOWN clients , a couple , and the building started shaking like crazy . 
it 's a UNKNOWN structure , built up on supports , and it was really UNKNOWN around . 
the three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN to say , it was an interesting first session ! 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
albany escaped UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
biggest trouble was scared family who could n't get a phone line through , and spent a really horrible hour not knowing . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
UNKNOWN and i were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves . 
we ran into the house to get UNKNOWN , but the next tremor threw me in the air and UNKNOWN me as i tried to get to my feet . 
we are all fine here , although UNKNOWN was extremely UNKNOWN . 
kitchen full of broken UNKNOWN . 
books and UNKNOWN all over my room . 
not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be , but the structure is fine . 
while i was standing on the lawn with UNKNOWN , waiting for another tremor , i noticed that all the UNKNOWN were emerging from the ground and UNKNOWN across the lawn ! 
9:99 a.m. 
UNKNOWN : 
it 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
i guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it 's hard to accept that it 's over and only took 99 seconds . 
i wonder when we 'll be able to UNKNOWN . 
9:99 a.m . 
UNKNOWN : 
flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight . 
UNKNOWN seems a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
berkeley very quiet right now . 
i walked along shattuck between delaware and UNKNOWN at a few minutes before eight this morning . 
next to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a homeless couple , UNKNOWN into a blue UNKNOWN bag , sat up , said , `` good morning '' and then the woman UNKNOWN , said , `` is n't it great just to be alive ? '' 
i agreed . 
it is . 
great . 
georgia-pacific corp. , exceeding some analysts ' expectations , said third-quarter earnings rose 99 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
sales increased 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
per-share earnings were enhanced by the company 's share buy-back program , which reduced the average shares outstanding to 99.9 million in the quarter from 99.9 million in the same quarter of 9999 . 
with strong prices in the company 's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a UNKNOWN quarter . 
but the performance exceeded some estimates of around $ 9.99 a share . 
UNKNOWN the growth , among other things , were UNKNOWN prices for certain building products . 
one reason : efforts to protect the spotted UNKNOWN led to restrictions on UNKNOWN in the pacific northwest , UNKNOWN supply and forcing prices up . 
another reason : strikes , both at georgia-pacific and other UNKNOWN companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said . 
for the nine months , georgia-pacific 's earnings increased 99 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in composite new york stock exchange trading , georgia-pacific stock rose $ 9.99 a share yesterday to close at $ 99 . 
the house public works and transportation committee approved a bill that would give the transportation department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the bush administration . 
the UNKNOWN vote clears the way for consideration on the house floor next week or the week after . 
transportation secretary samuel skinner , in a letter to the committee , warned that he would urge president bush to veto the legislation if it passed congress . 
the senate commerce committee already has approved similar legislation . 
on monday , a letter from mr. skinner 's deputy , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , said the administration opposed the legislation `` in its present form . '' 
some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter was n't signed by mr. skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat . 
the UNKNOWN administration warnings annoyed some lawmakers , especially senior republicans who supported the bill because they thought the transportation department favored it . 
`` we backed this bill because we thought it would help skinner , '' one republican said , `` and now we 're out there UNKNOWN in the wind . '' 
a few weeks ago , mr. skinner UNKNOWN before congress that it would be `` UNKNOWN , more efficient '' if he had authority to block buy-outs in advance . 
but he never took an official position on the bill and has UNKNOWN maintained that he already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs . 
under the committee bill , the transportation secretary would have 99 days , and an additional 99 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 99 % or more of a major u.s. airline 's voting stock . 
the secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety or reduce the carrier 's ability to compete , or if it gave control to a foreign interest . 
although the legislation would apply to any acquisition of a major airline , it is aimed at transactions financed by large amounts of debt . 
supporters of the bill are concerned an airline might UNKNOWN costly safety measures in order to repay debt . 
the panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere surrounding recent buy-out proposals , their apparent collapse and the volatile conditions in the stock market . 
`` it became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort , '' rep. james UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN ) , chairman of the house aviation subcommittee , said during the panel 's UNKNOWN . 
`` i do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally UNKNOWN because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake . 
but mr. skinner UNKNOWN , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of UNKNOWN of the airline industry . '' 
in his letter to committee chairman glenn anderson ( d. , calif. ) , the secretary also said the bill `` would be at odds with the administration 's policies UNKNOWN open foreign investment and market allocation of resources . '' 
currently , the transportation department does n't have the authority to block a takeover in advance . 
however , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier UNKNOWN to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , UNKNOWN the airline . 
such authority is more than adequate , say opponents of the legislation . 
but supporters argue that UNKNOWN an airline is so UNKNOWN that the department would UNKNOWN doing it . 
the panel rejected a proposal pushed by amr corp. , the parent of american airlines , to allow the transportation secretary to block corporate raiders from UNKNOWN proxy UNKNOWN to oust boards that oppose a leveraged buy-out . 
it also voted down proposals to give the secretary much more UNKNOWN on whether to block a buy-out and to require the department to consider the impact of a buy-out on workers . 
london shares rallied to post strong gains after initial fears UNKNOWN that the california earthquake would depress wall street prices . 
tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other asian and pacific markets closed sharply lower . 
in london , the financial times-stock exchange 999-share index jumped 99.9 points to close at its intraday high of 9999.9 . 
the index was under pressure for most of the morning over concerns that the effects of tuesday night 's major earthquake in the san francisco area would UNKNOWN the u.s. market . 
the mood changed after dealers UNKNOWN the direct impact of the disaster on shares and wall street rebounded from early losses . 
the financial times 99-share index settled 99.9 points higher at 9999.9 . 
volume was 999.9 million shares , the UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN week , compared with 999.9 million tuesday . 
u.k. composite , or UNKNOWN , insurers , which some equity analysts said might be heavily hit by the earthquake disaster , helped support the london market by showing only narrow losses in early trading . 
the insurers ' relative UNKNOWN gave the market time to UNKNOWN the impact of the california disaster on u.k. equities , dealers said . 
dealers said the market still has n't UNKNOWN off its nervousness after its UNKNOWN ride of the past several sessions , caused by interest-rate increases last week and wall street 's 9.9 % plunge friday . 
but technical factors , including modest gains in the value of the pound , helped draw buying back into the market and reverse losses posted a day earlier . 
among composite insurers , general accident rose 99 pence to # 99.99 ( $ 99.99 ) a share , guardian royal climbed 9 to 999 pence , sun alliance rose 9 to 999 , and royal insurance jumped 99 to 999 . 
life insurers fared similarly , with legal & general advancing 9 to 999 , although prudential fell 9 to 999 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN group rose 9 to 999 , and sun life finished unchanged at # 99.99 . 
most banking issues retreated after a sector UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN securities , although national UNKNOWN showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
natwest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 999 , up 9 . 
b.a.t industries fell in early dealings but recovered to finish at 999 , up 9 . 
dealers said the market was nervous ahead of a special b.a.t holders ' meeting today . 
the session is to consider a defensive plan to spin off assets to fend off sir james goldsmith 's # 99.9 billion bid for b.a.t . 
the recent stock market drop has UNKNOWN confidence in the plan , but dealers said the shares fell initially on questions about whether mr. goldsmith 's highly leveraged bid will come to UNKNOWN . 
trading was suspended in wcrs group , a u.k. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 99 % of france 's carat holding for 9.99 billion french francs ( $ 999.9 million ) and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group eurocom . 
merchant banker morgan grenfell climbed 99 to 999 on renewed takeover speculation . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , also mentioned in the UNKNOWN mill , jumped 99 at to 999 . 
jaguar advanced 99 to 999 as traders UNKNOWN a potential battle between general motors and ford motor for control of the u.k. luxury auto maker . 
tokyo 's nikkei index of 999 issues rose 999.99 points , or 9.99 % , to 99999.99 . 
the index gained 999.99 tuesday . 
volume was estimated at 999 million shares , compared with 999 million tuesday . 
declining issues outnumbered advancers 999-999 , with 999 unchanged . 
the tokyo stock price index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 99.99 tuesday , was up 9.99 points , or 9.99 % , at 9999.99 . 
in early trading in tokyo thursday , the nikkei index rose 999.99 points to 99999.99 . 
on wednesday , shares were pushed up by UNKNOWN buying on the part of investment UNKNOWN as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said . 
institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of u.s. interest rates remained unclear . 
the uncertainty was UNKNOWN by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the u.s. trade deficit , which widened by 99 % in august from the previous month . 
traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on tokyo stocks from the california earthquake . 
the impact on japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the san francisco area is still being assessed , they said . 
buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly UNKNOWN , traders said . 
with uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said . 
some traders said the popularity of issues that gained yesterday wo n't last long , as investors will UNKNOWN their buying choices over the short term . 
interest UNKNOWN shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies , which rose early in the week , saw their advance weaken yesterday . 
traders said these issues need UNKNOWN buying to push up their prices , so substantial gains are n't likely unless institutional investors participate . 
an outstanding issue in yesterday 's session was mitsubishi UNKNOWN , which surged 99 to 999 yen ( $ 9.99 ) a share . 
its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic UNKNOWN for household use , a trader at county natwest securities japan said . 
some UNKNOWN food issues attracted UNKNOWN , traders said . 
UNKNOWN brewery was up 999 at 9,999 , and UNKNOWN gained 99 to 9,999 . 
pharmaceuticals were mostly higher , with UNKNOWN pharmaceutical gaining 999 to 9,999 . 
shares closed lower in other major asian and pacific markets , including sydney , hong kong , singapore , taipei , wellington , seoul and manila . 
most of those markets had rebounded the day before from monday 's slide . 
but unlike the tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session . 
elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in frankfurt , closed higher in zurich , stockholm and amsterdam and were broadly lower in milan , paris and brussels . 
south african gold stocks ended marginally firmer . 
in brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on wall street friday . 
trading had been UNKNOWN by a major computer failure that took place before the start of monday 's session . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
housing construction sank in september to its lowest level since the last recession , the commerce department reported . 
work began on homes and apartments at an annual rate of 9,999,999 units last month , down 9.9 % from august , the department said . 
the september decline followed an even UNKNOWN drop of 9.9 % in august and left housing starts at their UNKNOWN since october 9999 , when the country was UNKNOWN the end of a recession . 
originally the department had reported the august decline as 9 % . 
the numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the federal reserve 's battle against inflation . 
the industry had shown signs of recovery this summer , after the central bank began to UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN on credit , allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year . 
sales of new homes rose and inventories of houses , which had been climbing , dropped . 
but last month new construction in all types of homes UNKNOWN , from UNKNOWN houses to large apartment UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said martin UNKNOWN , chief economist of the national council of savings institutions . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of UNKNOWN homes will increase again . 
another reason for the weakness , he said , may be that mortgage rates have hit a UNKNOWN since they began UNKNOWN down after a peak in march . 
in august , rates on 99-year fixed-rate mortgages started UNKNOWN up a bit , but they inched down again through september . 
`` rates have n't really UNKNOWN off that much , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` we 've kind of settled now into an interest-rate environment that 's fairly high . '' 
work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 999,999 in september , a drop of 9.9 % from the previous month . 
that followed a 9.9 % decline in august . 
construction of apartments and other UNKNOWN dwellings slipped 9.9 % to an annual rate of 9,999,999 following a 9.9 % decline in august . 
the number of building permits issued for future construction dropped 9.9 % to a 9,999,999 annual rate after rising 9.9 % in august . 
all the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity . 
the housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is UNKNOWN . 
shearson lehman hutton holdings inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround from a year earlier , but net income would have dropped from the second quarter without a $ 99 million after-tax gain . 
the securities firm posted third-quarter net of $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , compared with a restated year-earlier loss of $ 9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue climbed 99 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
the latest period included the gain , which was $ 99 million before tax , from the previously announced sale of the institutional money management business of lehman management co . 
the 9999 period was restated from net income of $ 9 million to correct an UNKNOWN in the company 's boston co. subsidiary . 
in the 9999 second quarter , shearson had net income of $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share . 
an average 999.9 million common shares were outstanding in the latest quarter , up from 99.9 million . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , shearson shares lost 99.9 cents to $ 99.999 . 
the company said the improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue from UNKNOWN and trading for its own account . 
commission revenue was $ 999 million , up 99 % . 
but industrywide trading activity slowed in september as institutional investors turned cautious and individuals continued to shy away from the market . 
investment banking revenue fell 99 % to $ 999 million , in part reflecting the continued slowdown of the underwriting business . 
in the nine months , net fell 9 % to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue advanced 99 % to $ 9.9 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
two major drug companies posted strong third-quarter earnings , in line with profits already reported by industry leaders and analysts ' expectations . 
but pfizer inc. , based in new york , reported flat earnings . 
schering-plough corp. , based in madison , n.j. , reported a 99 % rise in earnings as american home products corp. of new york posted an 99 % increase in net . 
american home products 
american home products said sales and earnings for the third quarter and nine months were at record levels . 
sales for the third quarter increased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
sales of health-care products increased 9 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of UNKNOWN drugs such as UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN drug , and sales of the company 's UNKNOWN formula . 
american home products said net income benefited from a `` lower effective tax rate , '' reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in puerto rico . 
net also was aided by a gain on the sale of the company 's equity interests in south africa effective sept. 9 . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , american home products closed at $ 999.99 a share , down 99 cents . 
pfizer 
pfizer said third-quarter sales increased 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the company said net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to UNKNOWN of several products . 
the company said the dollar 's continued strengthening reduced world-wide sales growth by three percentage points . 
pfizer posted its largest gains in UNKNOWN sales , up 9 % , and consumer products , up 99 % . 
sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat , and sales by the agriculture segment declined 9 % . 
in the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 9 % and sales of hospital products increased 9 % . 
during the quarter , pfizer received federal approval of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN channel UNKNOWN approved for both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , used to open UNKNOWN UNKNOWN arteries . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , pfizer closed at $ 99.99 a share , up 99 cents . 
schering-plough 
schering-plough said sales gained 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
in the period , the company completed the sale of its european cosmetics businesses , sold a majority interest in its UNKNOWN affiliate , and announced the reorganization of its over-the-counter drug businesses into a new unit , schering-plough health care products . 
these actions did n't affect results because the gain on the sale of the european cosmetics businesses was offset by provisions relating to the brazil UNKNOWN and drug restructuring . 
u.s. pharmaceutical sales rose 99 % , led by UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and cold products ; UNKNOWN products ; UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN products ; and UNKNOWN products . 
world-wide consumer product sales declined 99 % , primarily because of the european cosmetics sale . 
significantly lower sales of ` stay trim ' diet aids also were a factor in the drop . 
the UNKNOWN beauty product line had higher sales following a sluggish first half . 
in big board composite trading , schering-plough shares fell 99 cents to close at $ 99.999 . 
swedish auto and aerospace concern saab-scania ab said it received a 999 million UNKNOWN ( $ 99 million ) order from swiss UNKNOWN , one of europe 's leading regional air companies , for five saab UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN aircraft . 
it is quite unfortunate that you failed so UNKNOWN in reporting the hurricane hugo disaster . 
your sept. 99 UNKNOWN article `` charleston lost quite a lot to hugo , especially UNKNOWN '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an UNKNOWN . 
the damage reported focused on a select few who owned UNKNOWN historic homes on the battery . 
not mentioned were the 99,999 people UNKNOWN homeless , and the more than 999,999 out of work for an UNKNOWN period ; the $ 9 UNKNOWN in losses to homes and personal property on the barrier islands ; the near - and long-term impact on the state 's largest industry , tourism , not to mention the human suffering . 
in UNKNOWN on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the UNKNOWN , your reporter served to only UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN view of this otherwise UNKNOWN port city . 
the damage will UNKNOWN prove to be one of the UNKNOWN human and economic disasters of the decade in this country . 
david m. UNKNOWN 
columbia , s.c . 
your story was UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN the people of a UNKNOWN city UNKNOWN from a disaster of unprecedented UNKNOWN was at the very best UNKNOWN under the circumstances . 
your narrow focus appears to be a UNKNOWN attempt to show the people of that historic city to be UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
you had to have been UNKNOWN not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of south carolina that has sustained a blow that the red cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 99 million . 
william c. UNKNOWN jr . 
columbia , s.c . 
charleston is historic and UNKNOWN , as your reporter said , but not UNKNOWN , as he suggested . 
UNKNOWN are instead UNKNOWN and have contributed UNKNOWN to the culture and history of our country for more than 999 years . 
i suggest your reporter see charleston next spring in its full glory . 
william c. stuart iii 
silver spring , md . 
affiliated UNKNOWN of colorado inc. said it agreed to sell its 99 % interest in UNKNOWN mountain UNKNOWN systems for $ 99.9 million to colorado national bank of denver and central bank of denver . 
colorado national is a unit of colorado national UNKNOWN inc. and central is a unit of first bank system of minneapolis . 
affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 99.9 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books . 
the u.s. UNKNOWN bank tentatively decided to guarantee commercial bank financing for the purchase of two boeing co. 999 UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's international airline , at a cost of about $ 999 million . 
the loan guarantee would amount to about $ 999.9 million , or 99 % of the cost of the aircraft . 
because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee , the UNKNOWN bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the house and senate banking committees . 
UNKNOWN bank officials said this review process currently is under way . 
UNKNOWN guzman cabrera took over the oil workers union , mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last january . 
but even in that short time mr. guzman cabrera has become as controversial in his own way as his UNKNOWN predecessor , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , known as la quina . 
president carlos UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN used the army to oust la quina , who UNKNOWN for 99 years over a UNKNOWN empire that made UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , or pemex , one of the world 's most UNKNOWN oil companies . 
now , mr. guzman cabrera is facing accusations that he 's as much a company man as la quina was a UNKNOWN . 
in recent contract negotiations with pemex management , mr. guzman cabrera accepted major concessions that greatly curtail the union 's role in UNKNOWN , long a source of millions of dollars in UNKNOWN earnings . 
and with the quiet UNKNOWN of mr. guzman cabrera replacing the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of la quina , government UNKNOWN have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
mr. guzman cabrera 's new order has n't arrived without resistance . 
UNKNOWN between union UNKNOWN still UNKNOWN at pemex installations . 
UNKNOWN leader UNKNOWN UNKNOWN publicly questioned mr. guzman cabrera 's `` moral quality , '' suggesting he is part of a conspiracy to turn over the country 's oil , a symbol of mexican UNKNOWN , to foreigners . 
the 99-year-old mr. guzman cabrera takes such criticisms in UNKNOWN . 
`` this is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new mexico . 
we 're no longer afraid of UNKNOWN with private or foreign capital , '' he says . 
pemex , which produces 99 % of government revenue , desperately needs new investment . 
since world oil prices collapsed in 9999 , the government has UNKNOWN pemex 's UNKNOWN to make payments on mexico 's $ 99 billion foreign debt . 
little money has been returned to upgrade pemex 's aging facilities . 
while the government UNKNOWN pemex from above , the union has UNKNOWN it from below . 
a UNKNOWN payroll and pervasive UNKNOWN caused pemex 's operating costs to UNKNOWN to 99 cents of each $ 9 in sales , far above the industry UNKNOWN . 
the declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why mexico has been importing gasoline this year . 
some projections show mexico importing crude by the end of the century , barring an overhaul of operations . 
`` whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , '' says oil consultant george baker . 
enter mr. guzman cabrera , who has a clear understanding of where union leaders fit in the UNKNOWN regime of president UNKNOWN . 
`` i 'm the UNKNOWN , if there is one , '' he says , UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN to his office . 
beginning as a UNKNOWN in a refinery , mr. guzman cabrera put in more than 99 years at pemex before being pushed into retirement by la quina after a dispute two years ago . 
though he also long benefited from the system built by la quina , mr. guzman cabrera says union UNKNOWN had simply gotten out of hand . 
they are `` at the base of all of the problems of corruption , '' he says . 
thus , in recent contract negotiations , mr. guzman cabrera gave up the union 's right to UNKNOWN 99 % of all of pemex 's outside contracts -- an enormous source of UNKNOWN . 
the union also UNKNOWN the 9 % commission it had received on all pemex maintenance contracts . 
( the union will keep a 9 % commission on construction projects . ) 
the new contract also UNKNOWN the $ 99 monthly coupon , good only at UNKNOWN grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from UNKNOWN to chief executive . 
about 9,999 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to UNKNOWN status . 
also , because of its reduced capital budget , pemex has phased out about 99,999 UNKNOWN construction workers , reducing the work force to about 999,999 , the union leader says . 
mr. guzman cabrera says the union 's UNKNOWN will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 99 % increase in compensation . 
but pemex managers are the ones most UNKNOWN by the contract . 
`` we are UNKNOWN the instruments of administration , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a pemex UNKNOWN . 
pemex officials would n't say how much money the new contract would save the company , but one previous government estimate pegged savings at around $ 999 million a year . 
pemex 's customers also are pleased with the company 's new spirit . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a big conglomerate , has long UNKNOWN on pemex UNKNOWN to produce plastic UNKNOWN material . 
but when the pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers . 
`` the UNKNOWN would completely disrupt our operations , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN 's finance director . 
this year , for the first time , UNKNOWN and other customers were UNKNOWN well in advance of the pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN the union UNKNOWN previous moves by the government to attract private investment in UNKNOWN , which mexico has been forced to import in large quantities in recent years . 
in may , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special UNKNOWN allowing foreigners , long limited to a 99 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 999 % . 
later , the government UNKNOWN several basic UNKNOWN as secondary products . 
but pemex 's UNKNOWN with private companies , and especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national UNKNOWN since foreign oil holdings were UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
`` they are preparing the workers for what 's coming : foreign control , '' wrote UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN leader . 
mr. guzman cabrera and government officials insist that foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products . 
but the new union leader makes no UNKNOWN for pemex 's more UNKNOWN attitude . 
`` if we do not integrate into this new world of UNKNOWN , sooner or later we 're going to become victims of our own UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
couple counseling grows to UNKNOWN stress 
more executives and their UNKNOWN are seeking counseling as work and family pressures mount . 
some employers UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , especially if work problems UNKNOWN a top manager 's job . 
many couples `` are like ships passing in the night , '' a communications gulf that UNKNOWN problems on the job and at home , says UNKNOWN harry UNKNOWN . 
his UNKNOWN institute in UNKNOWN , mass. , has seen in recent years a doubling in the number of executives and UNKNOWN at its UNKNOWN counseling program . 
employers foot the bill , he says , figuring what 's good for the couple is good for the company . 
one east coast manufacturing executive , faced with a job transfer his wife UNKNOWN , found that counseling helped them both come to UNKNOWN with the move . 
and the vice president of a large UNKNOWN company realized that an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN threatened his career when his wife UNKNOWN that similar behavior at home UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN . 
more UNKNOWN couples also are getting help , with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling . 
`` the level of stress for a woman is often so high , it 's the husband who says , ` i 'm worried about her , ' '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
her institute for family and work relationships in la UNKNOWN , calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years . 
`` no matter how competent and smart you both are , the relationship almost certainly will UNKNOWN if you do n't have time to talk , to have fun and to be UNKNOWN , '' says ms. UNKNOWN . 
she urges client couples to begin a `` UNKNOWN '' period , UNKNOWN social and other UNKNOWN activities and setting time apart for themselves . 
`` putting those times on the calendar , '' she says , `` is as important as UNKNOWN business UNKNOWN . '' 
power of suggestion stronger in japan 
here 's one more explanation for why japan is a tough industrial competitor : two of three japanese employees submit suggestions to save money , increase efficiency and boost morale , while only 9 % of american workers do . 
and the japanese make far more suggestions -- 9,999 per 999 eligible employees vs. only 99 per 999 employees in the 
data for 9999 from the national association of suggestion systems and the japan human relations association also indicate that japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions , while their u.s. counterparts accept just one in four . 
in japan , small suggestions are encouraged . 
each new employee is expected to submit four daily in the first few months on the job . 
u.s. companies tend to favor suggestions `` that go for the home runs , '' says gary UNKNOWN , vice president of corporate quality at control data corp . 
that helps explain why american employers grant an average award of $ 999.99 per suggestion , while japan 's payment is $ 9.99 . 
still , suggestions ' net savings per 999 employees is $ 999,999 in japan vs. $ 99,999 in the u.s. . 
u.s. companies developing management teams are UNKNOWN with how to handle individual suggestion systems . 
control data , for one , plays down its employee suggestion program because it favors the UNKNOWN focus . 
merger fallout : UNKNOWN employee dishonesty 
corporate security directors increasingly worry that merger UNKNOWN UNKNOWN a rise in employee dishonesty . 
a security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry 's 99 biggest challenges . 
`` if it causes management to take their eye off the ball , inventory UNKNOWN is going to be affected , '' says lewis UNKNOWN , vice president for loss UNKNOWN at marshall field 's , the department store chain . 
a separate study of the extent of employee UNKNOWN linked general job satisfaction to property loss . 
UNKNOWN richard UNKNOWN cites what happened at one UNKNOWN company UNKNOWN by a foreign giant . 
UNKNOWN climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the university of florida UNKNOWN . 
but top management should watch for other UNKNOWN signs of employee UNKNOWN , like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and phone UNKNOWN . 
security consultant dennis UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , calif. , thinks mergers often trigger longer lunch hours and increased UNKNOWN , conduct which can UNKNOWN the bottom line more than UNKNOWN . 
new management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top . 
mr. UNKNOWN also recommends that the chief executive establish a UNKNOWN control center and move swiftly to bolster morale . 
consultant john UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , texas , urges that top management adopt a `` tough UNKNOWN approach '' with very tight controls and monitoring . 
and security authority robert l. UNKNOWN favors UNKNOWN all employees who UNKNOWN . 
firms walk fine line in UNKNOWN profits 
are corporate profits distributed fairly ? 
a survey by UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , a new york consulting firm , UNKNOWN the difficulty for top management in UNKNOWN employees and investors on that score . 
nearly seven of 99 investors think companies UNKNOWN `` too little '' of their profits in the business . 
and half the employees surveyed think companies UNKNOWN out too little to them . 
but both see a common UNKNOWN : about 99 % of employees and 99 % of investors think senior managers get too big a UNKNOWN of the profit pie . 
bank of new york co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of UNKNOWN first city UNKNOWN of texas for between $ 999 million and $ 999 million . 
the move , subject to a definitive agreement , is part of a trend by UNKNOWN banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business . 
just last month , a bank of new york subsidiary agreed to buy the credit-card operation of dreyfus corp. 's dreyfus consumer bank for $ 999 million , a transaction that is expected to be completed by the end of the year . 
first city 's portfolio includes approximately 999,999 accounts with about $ 999 million in loans outstanding . 
first city , which issues both UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN cards , has agreed to act as an agent bank . 
at the end of the third quarter , bank of new york 's credit-card business UNKNOWN of 9.9 million accounts with $ 9.9 billion in loans outstanding . 
bank of new york is currently the UNKNOWN issuer of credit cards in the 
first city said that because of increased competition in the credit-card business , it had decided it either had to expand its own holdings substantially or sell them . 
`` we think there 's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market , '' said james e. day , a first city vice president . 
`` we see it becoming a UNKNOWN kind of business . '' 
the company estimated that the transaction would UNKNOWN its book value , which stood at $ 99.99 a share on sept. 99 , by more than $ 999 million , or about $ 9 a share . 
the company also said the transaction would bolster after-tax earnings by $ 9.99 a share when completed and boost its primary capital ratio to 9 % from 9.99 % . 
first city , which recently purchased three small texas banking concerns , said it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the southwest and elsewhere . 
with that possibility in mind , analysts said the transaction was a positive move for first city . 
`` i think they 'll be able to move faster to make acquisitions in texas , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst with donaldson , lufkin & jenrette . 
`` that 's something they can do very well . 
british airways plc said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for united airlines parent ual corp. following the collapse of a $ 9.99 billion , $ 999-a-share buy-out bid . 
UNKNOWN stevens , british air 's chief financial officer , told dow jones professional investor report a price of $ 999 a share is `` certainly not too low , '' and indicated his company would like to reduce the size of its $ 999 million cash investment . 
he added the airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid , and has n't UNKNOWN in bankers ' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed . 
`` we 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
we 're not rushing into anything . 
we do n't want to be party to a second rejection , '' he said , adding that coming up with a revised offer could easily take several weeks . 
mr. stevens 's remarks , UNKNOWN a report in the wall street journal that british air wants to start from UNKNOWN in any new bid for the nation 's second-largest airline , helped push ual stock lower for the fourth straight day . 
ual fell $ 9.99 a share to $ 999.99 on volume of 9.9 million shares in composite trading on the new york stock exchange as concern UNKNOWN among takeover stock traders about the UNKNOWN of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
under the original buy-out approved by the ual board sept. 99 , ual 's pilots planned to put up $ 999 million in cash and make $ 999 million in annual cost concessions for a 99 % stake . 
ual management was to pay $ 99 million for 99 % , and british air was to receive a 99 % stake . 
the buy-out fell through when citicorp and chase manhattan corp. unexpectedly failed to obtain bank financing . 
since then , ual stock has fallen 99 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever . 
the UNKNOWN of mr. stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that british air will take a more active , UNKNOWN role in pursuing any new bid . 
he said he believes ual management was badly advised on the funding of its original transaction . 
mr. stevens said british air has n't received any new buy-out proposals from the labor-management group , led by ual chairman stephen wolf , and has n't received any indication of when one might be UNKNOWN . 
`` as far as we 're concerned , we 're waiting for the dust to settle , '' he said . 
although british air is waiting to see what the buy-out group comes up with , mr. stevens said a revised transaction with less debt leverage is likely to be more attractive to banks . 
he said the original proposal is dead , and all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in ual 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price british air would be willing to pay . 
mr. stevens said he expects the new price will be considerably lower , but declined to specify a figure . 
asked whether a $ 999-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` it 's certainly not too low . '' 
he added the original offer was `` a pretty full price , '' and that british air 's contribution `` was quite a large chunk for us . '' 
british air was originally attracted to the chance of obtaining a 99 % stake in the company , but was n't particularly happy with paying $ 999 million . 
`` if the { new } deal had us putting up less money but still having 99 % , that would be a point in our favor , '' he said . 
in any new proposal , british air would expect a greater rate of return than the UNKNOWN in the original proposal . 
in the event that the buy-out group UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN its bid , the ual board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so . 
roughly one-third of its stock is believed held by takeover stock traders , who could vote to oust the board if they become UNKNOWN . 
meanwhile , the buy-out group 's task of holding its fragile coalition together , in the face of the bid 's collapse and internal opposition from two other employee groups , has been further complicated by an apparent UNKNOWN in the ranks of the pilot union itself . 
a pilot representing a group of 999 pilots hired during united 's 9999 strike filed suit friday in chicago federal court to block the takeover . 
the dissident pilots oppose the plan because it would cause them to lose their seniority . 
ual 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the united pilot union for the buy-out proposal . 
the 999 pilots involved in the suit are n't members of the union . 
the airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 9999 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring UNKNOWN prior to planned UNKNOWN and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the institute of medicine . 
in the last decade , many corporations have embraced the `` utilization management '' cost UNKNOWN strategy as a way to control health-care costs for employees . 
these programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , UNKNOWN reviews of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and reviews of treatment during UNKNOWN or recovery periods . 
between 99 % and 99 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 9 % five years ago . 
`` although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost UNKNOWN strategies -- does n't appear to have UNKNOWN the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the institute of medicine , an affiliate of the national academy of sciences , concluded after a two-year study . 
`` employers who saw a short-term UNKNOWN in benefit expenditures are seeing a return to previous trends . '' 
while utilization management frequently reduces UNKNOWN costs , these savings are often offset by increases in UNKNOWN services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts . 
the report suggested that current review programs are too narrow . 
`` the UNKNOWN and inappropriate use of the hospital , and not the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus , '' the panel said . 
`` as a general rule , UNKNOWN programs have not made UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN costs of alternative UNKNOWN or sites of care . '' 
the report said that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the UNKNOWN of medical UNKNOWN helps lead to medical practice guidelines . 
howard UNKNOWN , a panel member and a vice president of aetna life & casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it UNKNOWN to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals . 
`` there 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
but at the same time , spending on UNKNOWN services and UNKNOWN care have UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's like UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN , '' dr. UNKNOWN said . 
david UNKNOWN of a. foster UNKNOWN & co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 9 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and UNKNOWN care costs . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
`` you have a whole staff standing ready '' to evaluate the UNKNOWN of recommended treatment , he said . 
dr. UNKNOWN , who also is president of new england medical center hospitals in boston , noted that the hospitals he runs deal with more than 999 utilization management firms and that many of them have different procedures and requirements . 
the panel urged greater efforts to reduce the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and cost of utilization review . 
`` utilization management needs to better UNKNOWN that it reduces the UNKNOWN use of resources , improves the UNKNOWN of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and UNKNOWN , '' the panel concluded . 
renault and daf trucks UNKNOWN announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in britain and france . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 9.9 tons and 9.9 tons and will be built at renault 's UNKNOWN plant in france and at daf 's british plant . 
the french UNKNOWN auto group and the dutch truck maker plan to UNKNOWN the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 9999s . 
mr. UNKNOWN said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months . 
the venture is the latest example of the trend toward UNKNOWN projects in europe ahead of the 9999 deadline for eliminating trade barriers within the european community . 
renault and daf are expected to invest a total of about three billion french francs ( $ 999.9 million ) in the venture , including UNKNOWN 9 billion for design and development costs . 
in addition , the companies will each spend about UNKNOWN 9 billion on UNKNOWN up their plants . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both renault and daf , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles . 
by UNKNOWN their resources , the two groups have effectively UNKNOWN the design and development costs that would otherwise have been UNKNOWN , he said . 
renault officials said the potential european market for light trucks in the UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN range is between 999,999 and 999,999 vehicles annually , and renault and daf are UNKNOWN for a combined market share of about 99 % . 
both renault and daf will have world-wide marketing rights for the new range of vans and light trucks . 
under a separate arrangement , british aerospace plc 's UNKNOWN group plc subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the u.k. , and renault 's UNKNOWN subsidiary renault vehicles UNKNOWN will have similar rights in france . 
daf is 99%-owned by british aerospace , with a further 9.9 % held by the dutch state-owned chemical group UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the van UNKNOWN family of the netherlands holds an additional 99 % of daf 's capital . 
the federal reserve system is the standard UNKNOWN of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons . 
first , its position in the government is UNKNOWN . 
it has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply . 
thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic . 
second , the responsibilities of the federal reserve as guardian of the currency , which means as guardian of the stability of the price level , sometimes lead it to take measures that are UNKNOWN . 
as former fed chairman william UNKNOWN martin used to say , they would have to take the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN away just as the party is getting interesting . 
so the federal reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians . 
the fed is easily assigned the blame for UNKNOWN , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the fed 's independence . 
this leads to proposals for `` reform '' of the fed , which have the common feature of making the fed more responsive to the administration , to the congress and to public opinion -- without , however , any assumption of additional responsibility by the politicians . 
these proposals include changing the term of the chairman , UNKNOWN the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the federal reserve banks from the UNKNOWN process , putting the secretary of the treasury on the federal reserve board , having the fed UNKNOWN by an arm of congress ( the general accounting office ) , putting the fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring UNKNOWN publication of the fed 's minutes . 
some of these ideas are again under consideration in congress . 
but these proposals do not rest on a view of what the fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view . 
they would not solve the problem ; they would make it worse . 
the problem is not that the fed is too UNKNOWN to the public interest . 
on the contrary , it is too responsive to an incorrect view of the public interest . 
the price level in the u.s. is now about 9 9\/9 times as high as it was 99 years ago . 
on average , something that cost $ 999 99 years ago now costs $ 999 . 
or , a wage that was $ 999 99 years ago would buy only $ 99.99 worth of stuff today . 
on two UNKNOWN the inflation rate rose to more than 99 % a year . 
in each case the ending of this UNKNOWN inflation caused a severe recession -- the two worst of the postwar period . 
the enormous inflation over the past 99 years was largely due to monetary policy . 
at least , it would not have happened without the support of monetary policy that provided for a UNKNOWN increase in the money supply during the same period . 
and that increase in the money supply would not have happened without the consent of the federal reserve . 
the basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the fed should be addressed , is to prevent a UNKNOWN of this experience . 
there were two general reasons for the UNKNOWN monetary policy of the past 99 years : 
9 . to some extent the federal reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that UNKNOWN monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output . 
9 . even where the fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it . 
despite all the formal provisions for its independence , the fed seems constantly to feel that if it uses its independence too freely it will lose it . 
the common proposals for UNKNOWN the fed would only make the situation worse , if they had any effect at all . 
putting the secretary of the treasury on the board of governors , one of the leading proposals today , is an example . 
the secretary is the world 's biggest UNKNOWN of money . 
he has a UNKNOWN , constant UNKNOWN for lower interest rates . 
moreover , he is a political agent of a political president , who naturally gives extraordinary weight to the way the economy will perform before the next election , and less to its UNKNOWN health . 
these days , the secretary UNKNOWN the further UNKNOWN that he is a member of a club of seven finance ministers who meet occasionally to decide what exchange rates should be , which is a UNKNOWN from the real business of the federal reserve to stabilize the price level . 
how should a reasonable member of the federal reserve board interpret a congressional decision to put the secretary on the board ? 
could he UNKNOWN interpret it as UNKNOWN for the fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level ? 
or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , UNKNOWN economic expansion , and UNKNOWN of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
the answer seems perfectly clear . 
( true , a succession of fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the secretary of the treasury UNKNOWN on the fed . 
by their constant UNKNOWN to advise all and UNKNOWN about federal UNKNOWN matters the chairmen have encouraged the belief that fiscal policy and monetary policy are UNKNOWN of a common UNKNOWN , in which case it is natural that the fed and the treasury , and probably also the congress , should be jointly engaged in UNKNOWN the pot . 
the fed 's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more UNKNOWN of the independence of the rest of the government . ) 
the fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too UNKNOWN . 
the fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more UNKNOWN political part of the government . 
the fed UNKNOWN a power given to it by congress and the president . 
but congress and the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power they have given the fed . 
critics of the present arrangement are correct to say that it is undemocratic . 
what is undemocratic is the UNKNOWN of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level . 
to leave this decision to an `` independent '' agency is not only undemocratic . 
it also UNKNOWN the conduct of a policy that has a long-term UNKNOWN , because it leaves the fed UNKNOWN about what are the expectations of its UNKNOWN , the politicians , who have never had to consider the long-term consequences of monetary policy . 
the greatest contribution congress could make at this time would be to UNKNOWN that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the federal reserve system . 
legislation to this effect has been introduced in congress in this session by rep. stephen neal ( d. , n.c . ) . 
it is not the kind of thing that is likely to be enacted , however . 
congress would be required to make a hard decision , and congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact . 
people will say that the nation and the government have other objectives , in addition to stabilizing the price level , which is true . 
but that is not the same as saying that the federal reserve has other objectives . 
the government has other agencies and instruments for pursuing these other objectives . 
but it has only the fed to pursue UNKNOWN stability . 
and the fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level . 
the two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the fed are high employment and rapid real growth . 
but the main lesson of economic policy in the past 99 years is that if the fed UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation . 
a former chairman of the president 's council of economic advisers , mr. stein is an american enterprise institute fellow . 
republic new york corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 999 million provision and posting a $ 999.9 million third-quarter net loss as a result . 
the per-share loss was $ 9.99 . 
in the year earlier period , the new york parent of republic national bank had net income of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
excluding the provision , republic earned $ 99.9 million , up 99 % from a year ago . 
the bank 's UNKNOWN and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 999 million , of which $ 999 million are n't UNKNOWN interest , the bank said . 
republic 's total of nonperforming assets was $ 999 million at sept. 99 , with its reserve for loan losses now standing at $ 999 million . 
abortion-rights advocates won last week 's UNKNOWN , but the war over the nation 's UNKNOWN social question is about to pick up again on turf that favors those seeking to restrict abortions . 
strict new regulations seem certain to pass the state house in pennsylvania next week , with easy approval by the senate and by democratic gov. bob UNKNOWN expected shortly thereafter . 
legislation to require the consent of parents before their UNKNOWN under the age of 99 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the michigan legislature and set up a UNKNOWN battle to override the expected veto of democratic gov. james UNKNOWN . 
the short-term shift in the political climate surrounding abortion reflects two factors that are likely to govern the debate in the next several months : the UNKNOWN of the abortion-rights movement as a UNKNOWN force after years of UNKNOWN , and the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere . 
the action in pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in washington by the house to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest . 
but president bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the pennsylvania measure , is likely to UNKNOWN the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and UNKNOWN the challenges faced by this UNKNOWN movement . 
`` it 's great to feel good for once in 99 years , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a consultant to abortion-rights advocates , reflecting the relief of his UNKNOWN after last week 's victories , the first major events since the supreme court , in its july 9 webster decision , permitted the states to enact restrictions on abortions . 
`` but how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 99 is another question . '' 
indeed , abortion-rights activists still face their greatest tests . 
`` the pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can UNKNOWN , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN university political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question . 
`` but it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like pennsylvania or missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . '' 
the foes of abortion hold the strong UNKNOWN hand in pennsylvania , where abortion-rights activists are so much on the defensive that their strategy is less to fight the proposed legislation than it is to stress how the state legislature does n't reflect the UNKNOWN of the state 's citizens . 
as a result , gop state rep. stephen freind of delaware county , the legislature 's leading UNKNOWN of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict UNKNOWN plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the supreme court directly to UNKNOWN its 9999 roe v. wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
the freind legislation -- the state 's house judiciary committee approved it in UNKNOWN this week and the full pennsylvania house is expected to take up the bill next tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 99 weeks of pregnancy , except to UNKNOWN the death of the mother . 
mr. freind UNKNOWN that the provision , which attacks the UNKNOWN standards that roe established , will `` make it necessary '' for the supreme court to review roe and , perhaps , to UNKNOWN it . 
but the pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely UNKNOWN by abortion foes who want to make women UNKNOWN abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves . 
under this legislation , a woman must be informed 99 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks . 
`` regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , '' mr. freind argues , `` it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way or the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life . '' 
in michigan , where the state senate is expected to approve UNKNOWN legislation by the end of next week , gov. UNKNOWN is the principal obstacle for anti-abortionists . 
susan UNKNOWN , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's house abortion opponents `` have n't been able to UNKNOWN the votes to UNKNOWN a veto on abortion in 99 years . '' 
but proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in UNKNOWN the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights . 
in illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring UNKNOWN to perform tests on UNKNOWN at 99 weeks to determine their UNKNOWN age , weight and UNKNOWN maturity along with a provision requiring that , if UNKNOWN survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive . 
the legislation failed by one vote to clear the house rules committee tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , executive director of the illinois planned UNKNOWN council , says she and her allies are `` UNKNOWN optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote . 
abortion foes in wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a UNKNOWN bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early november and are hopeful of UNKNOWN in both houses by next march . 
in texas , abortion opponents want to pass UNKNOWN legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds , personnel and facilities for abortion , and UNKNOWN tests for UNKNOWN 99 weeks and older . 
the anti-abortionists are urging gop gov. bill UNKNOWN to press the issues in a special session scheduled to run nov. 99 to dec. 99 . 
`` the UNKNOWN is only fair , '' says UNKNOWN roberts , administrative director of the texas right to life committee . 
`` next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now . '' 
this legislative activity comes as both sides are UNKNOWN new UNKNOWN efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in virginia and new jersey , and UNKNOWN for next autumn 's state elections . 
at the same time , abortion foes have developed a national legislative strategy , deciding to move on what UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the national right to life committee 's director of state organizational development , calls `` reasonable measures that an overwhelming mainstream majority of americans support . '' 
these include UNKNOWN on the use of abortion for UNKNOWN control and sex selection , and the public funding of alternatives for abortion . 
`` those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` UNKNOWN , ' '' says mary UNKNOWN , the group 's associate state legislative UNKNOWN . 
over the weekend , the national abortion rights action league singled out eight politicians , including pennsylvania 's mr. freind , as 9999 targets and held a washington UNKNOWN designed to train its leaders in political techniques , including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures . 
`` we now see pro-choice legislators going on the offensive for the first time , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , executive director of the group . 
wall street 
when i was just a child and UNKNOWN by my fears , the things that i thought would get me had UNKNOWN and pointed UNKNOWN . 
nothing much has changed -- my periodic UNKNOWN are still from hostile animals , only now , they 're UNKNOWN and bears . 
-- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 
trained UNKNOWN : UNKNOWN . 
-- UNKNOWN j. UNKNOWN . 
this maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 9.99 million shares of common priced at $ 99 a share in an initial public offering . 
the company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders . 
proceeds will be used for capital expenditures and working capital . 
goldman , sachs & co. and montgomery securities inc. are UNKNOWN the offering . 
congress sent president bush an $ 99.9 billion fiscal 9999 treasury and postal service bill providing $ 9.9 billion for the internal revenue service and increasing the customs service 's UNKNOWN program nearly a third . 
final approval came on a simple voice vote in the senate , and the UNKNOWN passage UNKNOWN with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is UNKNOWN with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
an estimated $ 99 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 9.9 million for smith college . 
and southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 99.9 million for UNKNOWN border facilities , or more than double the administration 's request . 
more than $ 9.9 million is allocated for UNKNOWN and expenses for former presidents , and the budget for the official residence of vice president quayle is more than doubled , with $ 999,999 designated for improvements to the property . 
even the office of management and budget is UNKNOWN with an extra $ 9 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb . 
within the irs , nearly $ 9.99 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 99 % increase over fiscal 9999 and double what the government was spending five years ago . 
investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 9.9 billion , and congress specifically added $ 9.9 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money UNKNOWN related to drug traffic . 
the large increase in customs service UNKNOWN funds is also intended to counter UNKNOWN , and the annual appropriations level has more than UNKNOWN in five years . 
the $ 999.9 million provided for fiscal 9999 anticipates the purchase of a lockheed UNKNOWN surveillance aircraft and five UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ii UNKNOWN . 
despite administration reservations , the plan has had the quiet backing of customs officials as well as influential lawmakers from UNKNOWN 's home state , kansas . 
among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any treasury department expenditure for enforcement of a 9999 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in UNKNOWN plans . 
small-business interests have UNKNOWN against the so-called section 99 tax rules . 
repeal is considered likely now , but the treasury department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim . 
less noticed is a bit of legislative UNKNOWN by houston republicans on behalf of UNKNOWN corp. of texas to UNKNOWN `` move '' a missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the provision seeks to UNKNOWN out an estimated $ 9.9 million in claims made by the health care finance administration against UNKNOWN , which owned the hospital in sullivan , UNKNOWN , during most of the four-year period -- 9999-9999 -- covered in the amendment . 
in a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between house appropriations committee chairman UNKNOWN whitten ( d. , miss . ) and sen. dale UNKNOWN ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 99 billion agriculture bill . 
a house-senate conference reached agreement oct. 9 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest UNKNOWN program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their UNKNOWN on chemical UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the program 's UNKNOWN sponsors received $ 999,999 in fiscal 9999 through an extension service grant , but mr. whitten has been UNKNOWN in insisting that the program be cut in 9999 . 
the 99-year-old UNKNOWN takes a more UNKNOWN , entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use , but as a master of UNKNOWN politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to arkansas from a tennessee center near UNKNOWN and the northern mississippi border . 
michael f. UNKNOWN , director of corporate public relations at data general corp. , was named to the new position of vice president , corporate communications , of this maker of data storage equipment . 
b.a.t industries plc may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its saks fifth avenue and marshall field units -- in the wake of the current UNKNOWN in financial markets , company officials said . 
the british conglomerate , planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a # 99.99 billion ( $ 99.99 billion ) takeover bid by UNKNOWN financier sir james goldsmith , intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its UNKNOWN measures . 
if anything , the gyrations in world stock markets -- and in b.a.t 's share price -- since last friday 's sharp wall street sell-off have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval for the restructuring , analysts and several big institutional holders said . 
`` UNKNOWN god we have some deal on the table , '' said stewart UNKNOWN , a director at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN investment managers , which intends to vote its roughly 9 % stake in favor of the restructuring . 
investors in b.a.t have been on a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
b.a.t has been london 's UNKNOWN blue chip over the past six months , up 99 % against a 9 % rise in the financial times 999-share index . 
but this week , b.a.t has been hit harder than other big u.k. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by tuesday 's san francisco earthquake , which could leave b.a.t 's farmers group inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
b.a.t rose five pence ( eight cents ) to 999 pence ( $ 99.99 ) in london yesterday as a late market rally erased a UNKNOWN fall earlier in the day . 
to fight off UNKNOWN , b.a.t plans to spin off about $ 9 billion in assets , largely by selling such u.s. retailing units as marshall field and saks and by UNKNOWN its big paper and u.k. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 99 % of its shares and a 99 % dividend increase . 
`` i think the restructuring will get the required support , '' said michael UNKNOWN , an analyst at london UNKNOWN UNKNOWN phillips & drew . 
`` the shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . '' 
but b.a.t 's restructuring , which was never going to happen quickly , now will take longer because of the market UNKNOWN . 
company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the UNKNOWN to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half . 
`` we are n't forced sellers . 
we do n't have an UNKNOWN deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , '' to take particular steps , said michael UNKNOWN , a b.a.t spokesman . 
even if b.a.t receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may UNKNOWN over the next 99 months , rather than six . 
the new b.a.t will be a smaller tobacco and financial-services UNKNOWN whose UNKNOWN ratio may more closely reflect the UNKNOWN tobacco business than the UNKNOWN financial-services business , these holders believe . 
thus b.a.t 's restructuring may only make the company a more UNKNOWN target for other corporate UNKNOWN -- possibly such UNKNOWN bidders as hanson plc . 
`` the last few days will surely slow down the pace of events , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` but i would n't write off '' sir james or other potential bidders . 
among possible delays , the sales of saks and marshall field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half . 
analysts estimate that sales of the two businesses could raise roughly $ 9 billion . 
b.a.t is n't predicting a UNKNOWN because the units `` are quality businesses and we are encouraged by the UNKNOWN of inquiries , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
but the delay could happen if b.a.t does n't get adequate bids , he said . 
people familiar with b.a.t say possible UNKNOWN for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and general UNKNOWN corp. , which is interested in bidding for saks . 
other potential bidders for parts of b.a.t 's u.s. retail unit include UNKNOWN department stores inc. , may department stores co. and limited inc . 
b.a.t has declined to identify the potential bidders . 
though sir james has said he intends to mount a new bid for b.a.t once approval from u.s. insurance regulators is received , UNKNOWN over prospects for junk-bond financing and u.s. leverage buy-outs are making investors more skeptical about sir james 's prospects . 
his initial offer indicated he needed to raise as much as 99 % of the takeover financing through the debt markets . 
market uncertainty also clouds the outlook for b.a.t 's attracting a premium price for its u.s. retailing properties . 
finally , tuesday 's california earthquake initially knocked 9.9 % off b.a.t 's share price in london yesterday because of fears of the potential claims to los angeles-based farmers , which has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in california . 
on farmers , mr. UNKNOWN said it is too early to UNKNOWN the level of potential claims . 
he added b.a.t `` has no expectation of a material impact on farmers . 
bridge and highway UNKNOWN will disrupt truck and auto transportation in the san francisco bay area for months to come . 
but rail , air and UNKNOWN links to the area escaped tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , and many are expected to be operating normally today , government and corporate transport officials said . 
air traffic at san francisco international airport was running about 99 % of normal yesterday afternoon , but airport UNKNOWN said they expect a return to full operations by saturday . 
the major UNKNOWN to asia and one of the nation 's 99 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit tuesday afternoon , until 9 a.m. UNKNOWN yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem , however . 
`` people 's ability to drive throughout the bay area is greatly restricted , '' said a spokesman for the american automobile association . 
tom UNKNOWN , executive vice president and general manager of the california trucking association in UNKNOWN , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the bay area yesterday , except for UNKNOWN supplies . 
`` some UNKNOWN shipments will probably resume thursday , '' he said . 
`` right now most of the roads into the bay area are closed , but the list of UNKNOWN changes about every 99 minutes . 
this { wednesday } morning the san mateo bridge was open and now we are informed that it is closed , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
united parcel service , greenwich , conn. , said its operations in the san francisco area have been reduced to 99 % of normal . 
a ups spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road UNKNOWN and power failures have UNKNOWN its pickup and delivery of packages . 
the spokesman noted UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN traffic delays on the san mateo bridge , for example . 
in addition , power failures prevented its UNKNOWN facilities from operating , causing delays . 
but freight UNKNOWN reported that damage to their facilities was relatively minor , with santa fe pacific corp. 's rail unit the least affected by the quake . 
santa fe stopped freight UNKNOWN tuesday night while its officials UNKNOWN track but resumed service at 99:99 p.m. when they found no damage . 
union pacific corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were UNKNOWN . 
that railroad is operating UNKNOWN but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work . 
southern pacific transportation co. , the hardest hit of the three UNKNOWN in the bay area , said service on its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which is used by an UNKNOWN train between los angeles and seattle , was suspended temporarily because of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN near the epicenter of the quake . 
but service on the line is expected to resume by noon today . 
`` we had no serious damage on the railroad , '' said a southern pacific spokesman . 
`` we have no problem to our freight service at all expect for the fact businesses are shut down . '' 
UNKNOWN said it suspended train service into its oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake . 
the passenger railroad said it terminated some runs in sacramento , relying on buses to UNKNOWN passengers to the bay area . 
UNKNOWN said it planned to resume some train operations to oakland late yesterday . 
UNKNOWN operations suffered little damage , according to albert UNKNOWN , deputy executive director of the american public transit association in washington . 
the bay area rapid transit `` UNKNOWN the earthquake perfectly , '' said mr. UNKNOWN , adding that the rail system was running a full fleet of 99 UNKNOWN during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers . 
`` the highway system is UNKNOWN up '' by the earthquake , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` the transit system is how people are going to be getting around . '' 
he added that san francisco 's UNKNOWN cars and UNKNOWN buses were also running at full service levels . 
although UNKNOWN delays in san francisco were significant yesterday , they did n't appear to spread to other airports . 
the earthquake shattered windows at san francisco international 's UNKNOWN control tower and UNKNOWN pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
terminals at san francisco international also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact . 
tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel . 
UNKNOWN at san francisco were n't damaged , but traffic was being limited yesterday to 99 UNKNOWN and 99 departures an hour -- down from 99 to 99 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an UNKNOWN spokeswoman said . 
while the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in sacramento and UNKNOWN , calif. ; UNKNOWN and las vegas , nev. ; and los angeles . 
united airlines , the largest carrier at san francisco , was operating only 99 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its UNKNOWN , which in turn was causing delays for travelers headed to the bay area . 
a united spokesman said 99 of its 99 gates were UNKNOWN , mainly because of water damage caused when a UNKNOWN system was triggered by the tremors . 
the united spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport ; in fact , as the airport was being UNKNOWN tuesday night , two UNKNOWN were born . 
yesterday , the united ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , but the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family and friends . 
the airports in san jose and oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the federal aviation administration said . 
in terms of UNKNOWN , denver 's UNKNOWN international may have experienced the most UNKNOWN : a united flight from japan was UNKNOWN there . 
`` i think that 's the first UNKNOWN commercial passenger flight from japan to land here , '' an airport spokesman said . 
a japan air lines spokesman said its flights into and out of san francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult . 
its telecommunications headquarters in UNKNOWN , calif. , had been knocked out since the quake . 
`` we 're in the dark , '' he said . 
whitbread & co. put its spirits division up for sale , UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN among global groups for the british company 's brands . 
whitbread already has been approached by `` about half a dozen '' companies interested in buying all or part of the spirits business , a spokesman said . 
analysts expect the spirits operations and some california UNKNOWN that also are being sold to fetch about # 999 million ( $ 999.9 million ) . 
among the brands for sale are beefeater gin , the no. 9 imported gin in the u.s. , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN whiskey . 
also for sale are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. , which distributes UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN whiskey in the u.s. , and whitbread 's atlas peak UNKNOWN in california 's UNKNOWN valley . 
beefeater alone is worth as much as # 999 million , analysts said . 
whitbread bought the beefeater UNKNOWN two years ago for # 999.9 million . 
that purchase represented an attempt by whitbread , a venerable british UNKNOWN , to become a major player in the global liquor business . 
but whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread UNKNOWN in the industry . 
now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations . 
for rival liquor companies , the whitbread auction is a rare opportunity to acquire valuable brands . 
`` it 's not very often something like this comes up , '' said ron UNKNOWN , a liquor company analyst at nomura research institute in london . 
`` the division will be sold off quite rapidly , '' predicted UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst at london brokers county natwest UNKNOWN . 
among possible buyers , grand metropolitan plc might find beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio . 
grand met owns UNKNOWN gin , the no. 9 imported gin in the u.s. ; rival guinness plc has the no. 9 imported brand , UNKNOWN . 
the whitbread spirits auction `` is an extremely interesting development ... and naturally we 'll be considering it carefully , '' a grand met spokesman said . 
guinness , which owns several leading whiskey brands plus gordon 's gin , the world 's no. 9 gin , is considered less likely to bid for the whitbread spirits . 
a guinness spokesman declined to comment . 
two other global liquor giants , canada 's seagram co. and britain 's UNKNOWN plc , also are possible buyers . 
seagram 's gin is the world 's no. 9 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the u.s. . 
UNKNOWN , while powerful in whiskey , does n't own any major UNKNOWN brands . 
`` we will certainly have to take a look at '' the whitbread spirits business , an UNKNOWN spokesman said . 
`` we would certainly like to have a major UNKNOWN brand in our portfolio . '' 
a seagram spokesman in new york would n't comment . 
smaller liquor companies , such as brown-forman corp. and american brands inc. of the u.s. , also are likely to be interested . 
such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says nomura 's mr. UNKNOWN . 
in new york , a spokesman for american brands would n't comment . 
brown-forman , a louisville , ky. UNKNOWN , also declined to comment . 
whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 99.9 million on sales of # 999.9 million in the year ended feb. 99 . 
the company , which is retaining most of its wine and all of its soft-drink interests , did n't break out results for the businesses it plans to sell . 
but analysts estimate their trading profit at # 99 million . 
whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended feb. 99 of # 999.9 million , on sales of # 9.99 billion . 
whitbread 's spirits auction occurs amid a parallel UNKNOWN in the british beer industry . 
earlier this year , the government announced plans to foster increased competition in the industry . 
british UNKNOWN currently own thousands of UNKNOWN , which in turn sell only the UNKNOWN ' beer and soft drinks . 
under new rules , many of the country 's UNKNOWN would become `` free houses , '' selling beers of their choice . 
whitbread now intends to bolster its brewing interests , in an effort to UNKNOWN a share of sales to free houses . 
the company , which last month paid # 99.9 million for regional british UNKNOWN UNKNOWN group plc , has about 99 % of the british beer market . 
whitbread also owns the license to UNKNOWN and distribute UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN beers in britain . 
in addition , whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in europe and north america . 
in britain , those interests include the beefeater UNKNOWN chain and joint ownership with pepsico inc. of the country 's pizza UNKNOWN chain . 
in canada and the u.s. , whitbread owns the UNKNOWN chain of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN restaurants . 
focusing on beer , restaurants and hotels means `` we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively , '' peter UNKNOWN , whitbread 's managing director , said in a statement . 
the spirits business `` would require substantial additional investment to enable it to compete effectively in the first division of global players . '' 
whitbread also announced that mr. UNKNOWN , who is 99 , will become the company 's chief executive march 9 . 
at that time sam whitbread , the company 's chairman and a UNKNOWN of its 99th-century founder , will retire from executive duties . 
he will retain the UNKNOWN title of UNKNOWN chairman . 
the treasury plans to raise $ 999 million in new cash with the sale tuesday of about $ 99 billion in two-year notes to redeem $ 9.99 billion in maturing notes . 
the offering will be dated oct. 99 and mature oct. 99 , 
UNKNOWN for the notes , available in minimum $ 9,999 denominations , must be received by 9 p.m. edt tuesday at the treasury or at federal reserve banks or branches . 
UNKNOWN land & UNKNOWN co. , UNKNOWN , calif. , announced a 9-for-9 split in the real estate limited partnership 's units and increased its regular quarterly cash distribution 99 % , to 99 cents a unit . 
the real estate limited partnership also said it will pay a special year-end cash distribution of 99 cents a unit . 
both UNKNOWN are payable dec. 9 to limited partners of record nov. 9 . 
mellon bank corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 999,999 common shares . 
the bank holding company said stock UNKNOWN will be used to meet requirements for the company 's benefit plans . 
mellon has 99.9 million shares outstanding . 
champion international corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 99 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors . 
the paper producer reported that net income fell to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , champion 's shares rose 99 cents to $ 99.999 . 
digital equipment corp. is planning a big UNKNOWN party on tuesday for its first line of mainframe computers . 
but an UNKNOWN guest is expected to try to crash the party . 
on the morning of the UNKNOWN announcement , international business machines corp. is to introduce its own new mainframe . 
`` their attitude is , ` you want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
`` they 're UNKNOWN trying to steal our UNKNOWN , '' a digital executive UNKNOWN . 
`` maybe we should take it as a UNKNOWN . '' 
digital 's target is the $ 99 billion market for mainframe computers , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that nearly every big company needs to run its business . 
ibm , based in armonk , n.y. , has dominated the market for decades . 
that does n't scare digital , which has grown to be the world 's second-largest computer maker by UNKNOWN customers of ibm 's UNKNOWN machines . 
digital , based in maynard , mass. , hopes to stage a repeat performance in mainframes , and it has spent almost $ 9 billion developing the new technology . 
a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN tandem computers inc. in cupertino , calif. , jumped into the UNKNOWN earlier this week with an aggressively priced entry . 
ibm appears more worried about digital , which has a broad base of customers waiting for the new line , dubbed the vax 9999 . 
`` it 's going to be nuclear war , '' says thomas UNKNOWN , a consultant with UNKNOWN group inc . 
the surge in competition is expected to UNKNOWN new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single UNKNOWN in recent years . 
ibm 's traditional mainframe rivals , including unisys corp. , control data corp. and UNKNOWN corp. , have struggled recently . 
digital is promising a new approach . 
robert m. UNKNOWN , digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything UNKNOWN , but as part of a UNKNOWN network UNKNOWN together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices . 
and unlike ibm 's UNKNOWN mainframes , it does n't need any UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN will have a big price advantage . 
digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 9.99 million to $ 9.9 million and up , depending on UNKNOWN . 
that 's about half the price of UNKNOWN equipped ibm mainframes . 
tandem 's pricing is just as aggressive . 
the heightened competition will hit ibm at a difficult time . 
the computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age . 
the new 9999s due next week will boost performance by only about 9 % to 99 % . 
and ibm is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 9999 . 
still , no one expects ibm 's rivals to deliver a UNKNOWN . 
ibm has a UNKNOWN on mainframes , with an estimated 99 % share of the market . 
ibm is five times the size of digital -- and 99 times the size of tandem -- and UNKNOWN enormous market power . 
it counts among its customers a majority of the world 's largest corporations , which UNKNOWN their most critical business information to ibm computers . 
`` we 're not going to walk in and replace a company 's corporate accounting system if it 's already running on an ibm mainframe , '' concedes kenneth h. UNKNOWN , digital 's president . 
he says digital will target UNKNOWN market segments such as UNKNOWN transaction processing , which includes UNKNOWN tracking , airline reservations and UNKNOWN networks . 
tandem , which already specializes in UNKNOWN transaction processing , is a UNKNOWN competitor in that market . 
a key marketing target for digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both digital and ibm systems . 
one such company is bankers trust co . 
stanley rose , a vice president , UNKNOWN and strategic planning at bankers trust , says that despite digital 's low prices , `` we are n't about to UNKNOWN our ibm mainframes for a dec machine . 
the software conversion costs would UNKNOWN any savings . '' 
but mr. rose is still looking seriously at the 9999 . 
bankers trust uses digital 's vax to run its huge UNKNOWN and capital markets accounts , UNKNOWN hundreds of billions of dollars each day , he says . 
as that system grows , larger computers may be needed . 
`` in the past , customers had to go to ibm when they UNKNOWN the vax . 
now they do n't have to , '' he says . 
`` that 's going to cost ibm revenue . '' 
analysts say digital can expect this UNKNOWN demand for the new vax to fuel strong sales next year . 
barry f. UNKNOWN , an analyst at sanford c. UNKNOWN & co. , estimates the 9999 could boost sales by more than $ 9 billion in the fiscal year beginning in july . 
he bases the estimate on a survey of hundreds of digital 's largest customers . 
although digital will announce a full family of mainframes next week , it is n't expected to begin shipping in volume until next year . 
the first model available will be the 999 , which is likely to appeal to many technical and scientific buyers interested in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , says terry shannon of international data corp. , a market research concern . 
four more models , aimed UNKNOWN at ibm 's commercial customers , are expected to begin shipping in late june . 
most analysts do n't expect the new mainframes to begin contributing significantly to revenue before the fiscal first quarter , which begins next july 9 . 
digital 's new line has been a long time coming . 
the company has long struggled to deliver a strong UNKNOWN product , and made a costly decision in 9999 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end . 
digital 's failure to deliver a true UNKNOWN machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 9 billion in revenue in fiscal 9999 , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
ibm will face still more competition in coming months . 
amdahl corp. , backed by japan 's fujitsu ltd. , has a growing share of the market with its UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN machines . 
and national advanced systems , a joint venture of japan 's hitachi ltd. and general motors corp. 's electronic data systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful UNKNOWN mainframes later this year . 
note : 
UNKNOWN is national advanced systems , UNKNOWN -- control data corp. , bull UNKNOWN information systems inc . 
source : international data corp . 
compiled by publishers weekly from data from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN chains and local UNKNOWN lists across the u.s. . 
copyright 9999 by UNKNOWN publishing usa . 
the UNKNOWN stock and bond markets UNKNOWN off , but the dollar slumped . 
stocks rose slightly as trading activity slowed from the UNKNOWN pace earlier this week . 
prices of long-term treasury bonds UNKNOWN in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon . 
helped by futures-related program buying , the dow jones industrial average gained 9.99 points to close at 9999.99 . 
but the dow jones transportation average fell for the UNKNOWN session as more investors dumped ual shares . 
bond prices rallied early yesterday morning as traders scrambled to buy treasury issues on fears that the northern california earthquake might lead to a stock-market debacle . 
but when stocks held steady , treasury bonds later retreated . 
speculation that the federal reserve will lower interest rates in coming weeks helped push the dollar down while boosting stocks , traders said . 
but many investors remain wary about stocks , partly because they expect continued UNKNOWN in the junk-bond market that would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers . 
`` i 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said raymond f. devoe jr. , market strategist at UNKNOWN mason wood walker . 
`` i think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very UNKNOWN for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
in a bull market , credit does not matter , '' mr. devoe added . 
`` but when it does matter , then it 's the only thing that matters . '' 
however , many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market 's plunge as `` a great buying opportunity , '' said charles i. UNKNOWN , chief investment strategist at merrill lynch capital markets . 
`` things are beginning to settle down . 
the markets are returning to normalcy . '' 
oil prices initially rose on fears that the massive earthquake in northern california would disrupt production . 
but prices later UNKNOWN course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
in major market activity : 
stock prices rose . 
new york stock exchange volume UNKNOWN to 999.9 million shares from 999.9 million tuesday . 
advancers on the big board UNKNOWN decliners by 999 to 999 . 
bond prices were little changed in sluggish activity . 
the yield on the treasury 's 99-year issue fell slightly to 9.99 % . 
the dollar dropped . 
in new york late yesterday , the currency was at 999.99 yen and 9.9999 marks , down from 999.99 yen and 9.9999 marks late tuesday . 
james l. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals . 
he will succeed arthur e. UNKNOWN as general manager feb. 9 , when mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
amr corp. posted an 9.9 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be `` disappointing '' as well , primarily because of UNKNOWN profit margins and increased fuel costs . 
amr 's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of american airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records . 
some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a UNKNOWN second half of 9999 . 
still , amr 's UNKNOWN does n't UNKNOWN well for the rest of the industry . 
the fort worth , texas , company is generally regarded as one of the UNKNOWN in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days . 
meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor donald trump 's recently withdrawn $ 9.9 billion offer for amr , issued a statement UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that mr. trump had backed out . 
in the third quarter , amr said , net fell to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
amr 's chairman , robert l. UNKNOWN , said the results were due to an 99 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure UNKNOWN to profit margin on each seat sold . 
`` we think these trends will continue and will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well , '' he said . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an analyst with merrill lynch & co. , said : `` the business turned faster than expected . 
costs are giving them a little bit of trouble , and the whole industry is having a pricing problem . '' 
for the nine months , amr 's net rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue jumped 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
amr 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` UNKNOWN and reckless acquisition proposals UNKNOWN affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of amr shareholders ... . 
amr has not been , and is not , for sale . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN said the company 's current decline in earnings is exactly the kind of situation that an UNKNOWN leveraged company UNKNOWN with debt from a takeover would find difficult to weather . 
`` our very disappointing third-quarter results and the discouraging outlook for the fourth quarter underscore the importance of an adequate capital base , '' he said . 
christopher whittington , 99-year-old deputy chairman of this british UNKNOWN group and chairman of morgan grenfell & co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive duties . 
succeeding mr. whittington as deputy chairman of the group is anthony UNKNOWN , 99 , currently a main board member . 
succeeding mr. whittington at morgan grenfell & co. is richard UNKNOWN , 99 , currently deputy chairman . 
mr. whittington will remain on the main group board as a nonexecutive director . 
without federal subsidies to developers of beach houses , the economic and structural damage by hurricane hugo in south carolina would have been much less , as UNKNOWN by your oct. 9 editorial `` UNKNOWN disaster . '' 
congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by UNKNOWN the development of beach communities on UNKNOWN fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN near charleston . 
as you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were UNKNOWN in 9999 by the coastal barrier UNKNOWN system . 
the national taxpayers union would like congress to add 999,999 acres to the 999,999 of UNKNOWN in the system by UNKNOWN `` the coastal barrier improvement act of 9999 . '' 
this bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support . 
UNKNOWN rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development . 
however , home builders would have to bear the full costs of such UNKNOWN construction . 
a taxpayers union study concluded the bill would save taxpayers up to $ 9.9 billion in UNKNOWN subsidies over 99 years . 
already , the 9999 legislation has saved an estimated $ 999 million . 
marshall UNKNOWN taylor 
communications director 
national taxpayers union 
the government said 99.9 % of americans , or 99.9 million people , were living in poverty in 9999 . 
while last year 's figure was down from 99.9 % in 9999 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate , the census bureau said the 9999 drop was n't UNKNOWN significant . 
the bureau 's report also showed that while some measures of the nation 's economic UNKNOWN improved modestly in 9999 , the UNKNOWN of prosperity were shared less UNKNOWN than the year before . 
UNKNOWN data UNKNOWN from a march 9999 survey of 99,999 households , william UNKNOWN , associate director of the census bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . '' 
but , he added , `` since the late 9999s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal . 
there was no reversal { of that trend } between 9999 and 9999 . '' 
per capita income , a widely used measure of a nation 's economic health , hit a record in 9999 , rising 9.9 % after inflation adjustment to $ 99,999 . 
but the median income of american families fell 9.9 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 9999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the UNKNOWN in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of UNKNOWN families and a sharp increase in income reported by americans who are n't living in families . 
as a result of last year 's decline , the government 's estimate for the number of people living below the poverty line declined by about 999,999 . 
the poverty UNKNOWN , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the agricultural department , last year was $ 99,999 for a family of four . 
the census bureau counts all cash income in UNKNOWN whether families are below the line , but it does n't consider other government benefits , such as UNKNOWN . 
thanks largely to the continued growth of the u.s. economy , the poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 9999 peak of 99.9 % , but the improvements have been modest in the past couple of years . 
poverty remains far more widespread among blacks than other americans . 
in 9999 , 99.9 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 99.9 % for whites and 99.9 % for hispanics . 
but two-thirds of all poor americans were white . 
more than half of poor families were headed by women living without men , the bureau said . 
more than UNKNOWN of poor black families were headed by women . 
the poverty rate of children under 99 years old dropped last year to 99.9 % from 99.9 % in 9999 , but remained far higher than a decade ago . 
the rate among the elderly -- 99 % in 9999 -- was n't significantly lower than the year before . 
if it were n't for social security payments , more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
the census bureau also said : 
-- some 99.9 % of all money income received by families in 9999 went to the UNKNOWN 9 % of all families , up from 99.9 % in 9999 . 
that is the greatest share reported for any year since 9999 , although changing UNKNOWN over the years UNKNOWN the comparison . 
-- the top fifth of all families got 99 % of the income , up from 99.9 % a decade earlier . 
the bottom fifth of all families got 9.9 % of the income , down from 9.9 % a decade earlier . 
-- UNKNOWN other government data showing that wages are n't keeping pace with inflation , earnings of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN male workers fell 9.9 % in 9999 after adjusting for higher prices , the first such drop since 9999 . 
earnings of female workers were unchanged . 
-- women working UNKNOWN earned 99 cents for every dollar earned by men , a penny more than in 9999 and seven cents more than in 9999 . 
-- median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 9.9 % last year to $ 99,999 after inflation . 
it rose sharply in the northeast and midwest and fell slightly in the south and west . 
median family income was $ 99,999 , down 9.9 % . 
-- per capita income of blacks , though still only 99 % that of whites , rose 9.9 % in 9999 , while per capita income of whites rose only 9.9 % . 
-- among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 9.9 % while income of whites did n't UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN a controversy that has been UNKNOWN for years , the census bureau also said its figures would look far UNKNOWN if it UNKNOWN the poverty UNKNOWN using an improved UNKNOWN measure adopted in 9999 . 
the bureau said some 9.9 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 9999 -- and the poverty rate would have been 99.9 % instead of 99.9 % -- under the alternative UNKNOWN . 
critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of UNKNOWN to the measure for years . 
a report by the staff of the joint economic committee of congress released yesterday concluded , `` it is misleading to make this change without adjusting for other changes . '' 
the official poverty UNKNOWN is set by the office of management and budget . 
john e. UNKNOWN jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding david s. black , who retired . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , left southwestern bell telephone co. in january , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join UNKNOWN capital partners , a st. louis company with interests in solid waste and UNKNOWN , telecommunications and international venture capital . 
he has resigned his posts at UNKNOWN to take the kansas power positions . 
kansas power said mr. black , 99 , chose early retirement . 
the space shuttle atlantis boosted the galileo spacecraft on its way to jupiter , giving a big lift as well to an ambitious u.s. program of space exploration . 
seven years late in the launching , $ 9 billion over budget and a target of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , galileo has long been a symbol of trouble for the national UNKNOWN and space administration . 
but yesterday , as atlantis UNKNOWN into a UNKNOWN of clear UNKNOWN above florida with storm clouds closing in on it , nasa sought to turn galileo into a symbol of UNKNOWN . 
`` nasa did it right ; that 's the message , '' said UNKNOWN thompson , the agency 's deputy administrator . 
the $ 9.9 billion robot spacecraft faces a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to explore jupiter and its 99 known UNKNOWN . 
if all goes well , it will UNKNOWN a probe into the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN atmosphere in july 9999 to pick up detailed data about UNKNOWN that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 9.9 billion years ago . 
jupiter is so enormous -- its mass is 999 times that of earth -- that its UNKNOWN may have UNKNOWN these UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and never let them escape . 
investigating jupiter in detail may provide UNKNOWN to what UNKNOWN UNKNOWN owen calls the `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' of life : jupiter and other UNKNOWN in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on earth , but these UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN ; earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life . 
some scientists have suggested that UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to earth to UNKNOWN life . 
beginning in december 9999 , galileo will begin a two-year tour of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
in 9999 , two UNKNOWN spacecraft sent back UNKNOWN photos of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN that showed them to be among the most UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the solar system . 
the photos showed active UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN material 999 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that UNKNOWN may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice . 
galileo 's photos of UNKNOWN will be more than 9,999 times as sharp as UNKNOWN 's , according to UNKNOWN johnson , galileo 's project scientist , and may show whether it actually has the only known ocean other than those on earth . 
atlantis lifted galileo from the launch UNKNOWN at 99:99 p.m. edt and released the UNKNOWN from its cargo bay about six hours later . 
`` galileo is on its way to another world in the hands of the best flight controllers in this world , '' atlantis UNKNOWN donald williams said . 
`` fly UNKNOWN . '' 
the UNKNOWN atlantis crew will conduct several experiments , including growing plants and processing UNKNOWN materials in space , before their scheduled landing at edwards air force base , calif. , monday . 
the galileo project started in 9999 , and a number of project veterans were on hand to watch the launch . 
an UNKNOWN mr. johnson , wearing a nasa baseball cap and carrying a camera and UNKNOWN , called the launch `` UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , manager of the galileo probe , compared it to watching a child leave home . 
`` i 'm happy and UNKNOWN , '' he said . 
UNKNOWN activists took a less positive view . 
having argued that galileo 's UNKNOWN power source could have released UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN if the shuttle UNKNOWN yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch . 
galileo will UNKNOWN past earth in 9999 and 9999 , collecting energy from the planet 's UNKNOWN field to gain momentum for its trip to jupiter . 
the protesters point out that galileo also could crash to earth then . 
they said they dropped plans to UNKNOWN the kennedy space center after nasa UNKNOWN up its security . 
one protest did get past nasa 's guard , though ; a computer virus caused UNKNOWN messages to UNKNOWN onto some computer screens at nasa centers . 
the successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the u.s. UNKNOWN program . 
an UNKNOWN spacecraft , UNKNOWN , already is heading to UNKNOWN and is due to begin UNKNOWN the planet next august . 
UNKNOWN 9 sent back UNKNOWN photos of UNKNOWN and its UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , this summer . 
next month , nasa plans to launch a satellite to study UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN of the universe . 
in december , the shuttle columbia will try to UNKNOWN a satellite that 's been in UNKNOWN for nearly five years measuring the UNKNOWN effects of space on materials and instruments . 
next march , the shuttle discovery will launch the UNKNOWN space UNKNOWN , a $ 9.9 billion instrument designed to see the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the universe . 
not all of nasa 's UNKNOWN work will be so UNKNOWN , though . 
around UNKNOWN , the solar max satellite , which nasa UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN in 9999 , will tumble back into the earth 's atmosphere . 
nasa wo n't attempt a rescue ; instead , it will try to predict whether any of the rubble will UNKNOWN to the ground and where . 
the associated press 's earthquake coverage drew attention to a phenomenon that UNKNOWN some thought by public officials and other policy makers . 
private relief agencies , such as the UNKNOWN army and red cross , UNKNOWN almost instantly to help people , while the washington bureaucracy `` took hours getting into gear . '' 
one news show we saw yesterday even UNKNOWN 99 federal officials meeting around a table . 
we recall that the mayor of charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to hurricane hugo . 
the sense grows that modern public UNKNOWN simply do n't perform their assigned functions well . 
bally manufacturing corp. and new york developer donald trump have agreed in principle to a $ 9.9 million settlement of shareholder litigation stemming from bally 's alleged greenmail payment to mr. trump . 
according to lawyers familiar with the settlement talks , the UNKNOWN agreement to end a lawsuit filed more than two years ago was reached last week and will soon be submitted to a federal judge in camden , n.j . 
in february 9999 , bally UNKNOWN a possible hostile takeover bid from mr. trump by agreeing to buy 9.9 million of mr. trump 's 9.9 million bally shares for $ 99.9 million -- more than $ 99 million above market price . 
the term greenmail UNKNOWN to a situation where a company pays a premium over market value to repurchase a stake held by a potential UNKNOWN . 
lawyers for shareholders , bally and mr. trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court UNKNOWN not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed . 
but some attorneys who are familiar with the matter said the $ 9.9 million payment will be shared by bally and mr. trump , with the casino and hotel concern probably paying the bulk of the money . 
the amount bally and mr. trump will pay to settle the class-action suit UNKNOWN in comparison to the $ 99 million walt disney co. and saul steinberg 's reliance group holdings inc. agreed to pay to settle a similar suit in july . 
that settlement represented the first time shareholders were granted a major payment in a greenmail case . 
mr. steinberg made a $ 99.9 million profit on the sale to disney of his investment in the company in 9999 . 
but lawyers said mr. steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
when disney offered to pay mr. steinberg a premium for his shares , the new york investor did n't demand the company also pay a premium to other shareholders . 
when mr. trump sued bally , he sued only on behalf of himself . 
mr. trump and bally also appeared to have some leverage in the case because in the state of delaware , where bally is UNKNOWN , courts have held that greenmail is often protected by the UNKNOWN rule . 
that rule gives boards of directors wide UNKNOWN in deciding how to deal with dissident shareholders . 
senate UNKNOWN final arguments in impeachment trial of federal judge . 
yesterday , u.s. judge alcee hastings faced his jury -- the full u.s. senate -- and said , `` i am not guilty of having committed any crime . '' 
UNKNOWN articles of impeachment against the florida judge , one of the few blacks on the u.s. bench , were approved by the house in august 9999 . 
the central charge against judge hastings is that he UNKNOWN with a washington lawyer to obtain a $ 999,999 bribe from defendants in a criminal case before the judge , in return for UNKNOWN . 
he is also accused of lying under UNKNOWN and of UNKNOWN information obtained from a UNKNOWN he UNKNOWN . 
the senate 's public gallery was packed with judge hastings ' supporters , who UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN after he finished his argument . 
judge hastings , who was acquitted of similar charges by a federal jury in 9999 , claims he is being UNKNOWN and that the impeachment proceedings against him constitute double UNKNOWN . 
but rep. john bryant ( d. , texas ) , the lead counsel for the house managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into judge hastings ' activities , said `` a mountain of evidence points to his certain UNKNOWN . '' 
the senate will UNKNOWN behind closed doors today and is scheduled to vote on the impeachment tomorrow . 
if the judge is UNKNOWN , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately . 
however , judge hastings has said he will continue to fight and is UNKNOWN an appeal of any impeachment to the u.s. supreme court . 
companies seeking to make insurers pay for pollution cleanup win court victory . 
in a case involving avondale industries inc. and its insurer , travelers cos. , the second u.s. circuit court of appeals in new york ruled in favor of the company on two issues that lawyers say are central to dozens of pollution cases around the country . 
travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies . 
they also have argued that government proceedings UNKNOWN a company of potential responsibility do n't fit the legal definition of a lawsuit ; thus , such UNKNOWN proceedings are n't covered by the policies , the insurers say . 
the appeals court UNKNOWN on both counts . 
avondale was notified by louisiana officials in 9999 that it was potentially responsible for a cleanup at an UNKNOWN plant . 
avondale asked travelers to defend it in the state proceeding , but the insurer did n't respond . 
the appeals court upheld a district judge 's ruling that the insurer had to defend the company in such proceedings . 
the appeals court also said , `` we think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims '' stemming from any cleanup . 
`` this decision will have a very considerable impact , '' said kenneth UNKNOWN , professor of environmental law and insurance law at the university of virginia , because many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies based in new york . 
william UNKNOWN , an attorney for the chemical manufacturers association , said that while other appeals courts have ruled UNKNOWN on whether cleanup costs are damages , the influence of the appeals court in new york `` will make insurers sit up and listen . '' 
he said the decision was the first in which a federal appeals court has ruled whether administrative government proceedings qualify as litigation . 
barry r. UNKNOWN , an attorney for travelers , said , `` there are UNKNOWN bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
new york 's poor face nearly three million legal problems a year without legal help . 
that is the conclusion of a report released by the new york state bar association . 
the report was based on a telephone survey of 9,999 UNKNOWN households across the state , a mail survey of major UNKNOWN programs and UNKNOWN interviews with individuals in the field . 
`` the report provides detailed UNKNOWN of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said joseph UNKNOWN , chairman of the committee that UNKNOWN the survey and a partner at the law firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
according to the study , slightly more than 99 % of those surveyed reported having at least one housing problem every year for which they had no legal help . 
nearly 99 % UNKNOWN housing problems as their most serious UNKNOWN legal need . 
other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits ( 99 % ) , consumer fraud ( 99.9 % ) , and health-care issues ( 99 % ) . 
during the 99-month survey , 99 % of all UNKNOWN programs said that at some period they were unable to accept new clients unless they had an emergency . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the committee may meet to UNKNOWN solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
prosecutor to join UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : 
assistant u.s. attorney UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who headed the government 's racketeering case against the international UNKNOWN of teamsters , will join UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN in its new york office . 
mr. UNKNOWN has been with the new york u.s. attorney 's office for nearly five years . 
in 9999 he became deputy chief of the civil division . 
mr. UNKNOWN will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which is based in los angeles . 
former apple computer inc. general counsel john p. UNKNOWN has joined the phoenix , ariz. , law firm of brown & UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the UNKNOWN firm . 
before joining apple in 9999 , mr. UNKNOWN served as general counsel at sperry corp . 
after failing to find a buyer for the sears tower in chicago , sears , roebuck & co. is negotiating with boston pension fund adviser UNKNOWN , eastman & UNKNOWN inc. to UNKNOWN the property for close to $ 999 million , according to people close to the negotiations . 
under the proposed agreement involving the world 's UNKNOWN building , chicago-based sears would receive about half the money through conventional mortgage financing and the other half as a convertible mortgage . 
at the end of the term of the convertible loan , sears could still own half the building , and UNKNOWN could own the other half . 
neither side would comment . 
the parties are currently negotiating over who would manage the building , which will be UNKNOWN of 9,999 employees from sears ' merchandise group , which is moving elsewhere . 
the new manager will face the UNKNOWN task of leasing 9.9 million square feet in a relatively soft chicago real estate market . 
also , it has not yet been decided exactly how much of the mortgage UNKNOWN will be able to convert into equity . 
convertible mortgages have become an increasingly popular way to finance prestigious buildings of late . 
in a convertible mortgage , the investor UNKNOWN the building owner a certain amount in return for the option to convert its interest into equity , usually less than 99 % , at the end of the loan term . 
during the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return . 
the main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and UNKNOWN . 
sears said it would put the UNKNOWN tower on the block almost a year ago as part of its UNKNOWN restructuring . 
but japanese institutions UNKNOWN away from bidding on the UNKNOWN tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger UNKNOWN sentiment . 
last summer , sears appeared to have a deal with canadian developer olympia & york developments ltd . 
but that deal fell through in september after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax UNKNOWN , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices . 
real estate industry executives said sears ' investment banker , goldman , sachs & co. , sought financing in japan . 
however , japanese authorities apparently were concerned that a refinancing also would attract too much publicity . 
sears then went back to UNKNOWN , the boston pension adviser that had proposed a convertible debt deal during the first round of bids last spring . 
UNKNOWN has $ 9.9 billion of real estate investments nationwide , according to a spokesman . 
tandy corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of UNKNOWN ab of stockholm for cash . 
the amount was n't disclosed . 
the electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 999 million and $ 999 million for UNKNOWN 's victor UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN computer subsidiaries . 
in addition , tandy will acquire rights to the victor and UNKNOWN names for computers . 
during 9999 , the UNKNOWN subsidiaries had combined sales in excess of $ 999 million . 
the transaction will give tandy a well-known european computer brand that includes 9,999 dealers and distributors marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions . 
closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals , the company said . 
two rules in pending congressional legislation UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN leveraged buy-outs by raising the price UNKNOWN of such deals by as much as 99 % . 
wall street is UNKNOWN over the rules , which would curtail the tax deductibility of debt used in most lbos . 
the provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the house and senate , could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 9999s , some tax experts and investment bankers argue . 
indeed , some investment bankers have already started restructuring deals to cope with the expected rules . 
wall street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous senate version of one of the provisions . 
at issue is the deductibility of certain junk bonds that are used in most lbos . 
such high-yield debt is similar to a zero-coupon bond in that it is sold at a discount to face value , with interest UNKNOWN instead of being paid to the holder . 
under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
the house version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible . 
the UNKNOWN senate version would UNKNOWN the deductibility for roughly five years . 
`` you see these in just about every lbo , '' said robert UNKNOWN , senior vice president in charge of tax issues at shearson lehman hutton inc. in new york . 
`` it becomes a source of cash '' for the company making the lbo because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years . 
typically , mr. UNKNOWN estimates , this type of debt makes up 99 % to 99 % of the financing for lbos . 
these types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as rjr nabisco inc. , storer communications inc. and UNKNOWN co . 
a second provision passed by the senate and house would eliminate a rule allowing companies that post losses resulting from lbo debt to receive refunds of taxes paid over the previous three years . 
for example , if a company posted a loss of $ 999 million from buy-out interest payments , the existing rule would allow the concern to be able to receive a refund from the tax it paid from 9999 through 9999 , when it may have been a profitable public company . 
but that rule is being virtually UNKNOWN by wall street , which is UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN with the deduction issue . 
`` prices for lbos have to come down if you do n't have that feature , '' argued lawrence UNKNOWN , managing director for merchant banking at donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities corp. in new york . 
several wall street officials say the proposed legislation already is having an impact . 
an investment group led by chicago 's UNKNOWN family recently lowered a $ 9.99 billion bid for american medical international , beverly hills , calif. , because of the threat of the legislation . 
moreover , one investment banker , who requested UNKNOWN , said his firm did n't raise the UNKNOWN for a target company earlier this month after a stronger bid emerged from a public company that was n't concerned about the financing provision . 
`` we would have paid more if we thought that law was n't going to pass , '' he said . 
one possible solution for wall street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is , give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments . 
that would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership . 
`` the UNKNOWN in the trough may have to give a little bit of the UNKNOWN back and then the deal can go through , '' said peter c. UNKNOWN , tax partner at UNKNOWN , lipton , rosen & katz . 
another solution , said a tax lawyer who requested UNKNOWN , is for firms to use convertible bonds that sell at a discount . 
since they have a lower interest rate , they would n't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility . 
the house version of the bill would make debt UNKNOWN if it pays five percentage points above treasury notes , has at least a five-year maturity and does n't pay interest for at least one year out of the first five . 
the bill would then UNKNOWN that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible . 
the senate bill would only deny the deduction until interest is actually paid . 
currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is UNKNOWN on the accrued interest . 
but those holders are often foreign investors and tax-exempt pension funds that do n't pay taxes on their holdings . 
the senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 99 million the first year and a total of $ 999 million over five years . 
the house version would raise slightly more . 
even if wall street finds ways around the new rules , a senate aide contends lbos will become somewhat more difficult . 
`` there 's no question it will make lbos more expensive , '' he said . 
`` the interest deduction was the engine that made these things more UNKNOWN . 
the average publicly offered commodity fund fell 9.9 % in september , largely because of the volatile markets in foreign currencies , according to UNKNOWN securities . 
the firm said that losers outnumbered gainers by more than three to one among the 999 funds it tracks . 
for the first nine months of the year , UNKNOWN said the average fund has lost 9.9 % . 
the government moved aggressively to open the UNKNOWN of federal aid for victims of the california earthquake , but its UNKNOWN of emergency funds must be UNKNOWN soon if the aid is to continue . 
president bush signed a disaster declaration covering seven northern california counties . 
the declaration immediately made the counties eligible for temporary housing , grants and low-cost loans to cover UNKNOWN property losses . 
in addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide UNKNOWN assistance . 
the department of housing and urban development prepared to make as many as 999 vacant houses available for those left homeless , the agriculture department was set to UNKNOWN food from the UNKNOWN program to earthquake victims , and the pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood UNKNOWN to military police for UNKNOWN traffic . 
but the pool of federal UNKNOWN funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up hurricane hugo , and congress will be under pressure to UNKNOWN more money quickly . 
in hugo 's wake , congress allocated $ 9.9 billion in relief funds , and white house spokesman marlin fitzwater said $ 999 million of that money remains and could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake . 
now , though , enormous costs for earthquake relief will UNKNOWN on top of outstanding costs for hurricane relief . 
`` that obviously means that we wo n't have enough for all of the UNKNOWN that are now facing us , and we will have to consider appropriate requests for UNKNOWN funding , '' mr. fitzwater said . 
the federal government is n't even attempting yet to estimate how much the earthquake will cost it . 
but mr. fitzwater said , `` there will be , i think quite obviously , a very large amount of money required from all levels of government . '' 
in congress , lawmakers already are looking for ways to add relief funds . 
money could be added to a pending spending bill covering the federal emergency management agency , which UNKNOWN federal disaster relief . 
more likely , relief funds could be added to an UNKNOWN spending bill that congress is to begin considering next week . 
but it is n't just washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief UNKNOWN also is stretched . 
fema still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of hugo , and spokesman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN says fema now possibly may have the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in its history . 
to further UNKNOWN relief efforts , the privately funded american red cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big hugo operation . 
`` it 's been a bad month UNKNOWN and every other way , '' said UNKNOWN stewart , a spokeswoman for the red cross . 
`` it just makes it a little rough when you have to worry about the budget . '' 
the red cross has opened 99 shelters in the bay area , serving 9,999 people . 
UNKNOWN trucks capable of UNKNOWN food were dispatched from other states . 
all the precise types of federal aid that will be sent to california wo n't be determined until state officials make specific requests to fema , agency officials said . 
and in the confusion after the earthquake , `` the information flow is a little slow coming in from the affected area , '' said carl UNKNOWN , a fema spokesman . 
still , some aid is moving UNKNOWN from washington almost immediately . 
hud officials said they will make available as many as 999 bay area houses that are under hud loans but now are vacant after the houses have been UNKNOWN to ensure they are sound . 
additional housing UNKNOWN and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and UNKNOWN funds may be UNKNOWN from other programs or made available for emergency use . 
another federal agency not normally associated with disaster relief -- the internal revenue service -- moved quickly as well . 
the irs said it will waive certain tax penalties for earthquake victims unable to meet return UNKNOWN or make payments because of the quake 's devastation . 
the agency plans to announce specific relief procedures in the coming days . 
and the treasury said residents of the san francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period . 
one advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the san francisco bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
even before the full extent of the devastation was known , defense secretary dick cheney ordered the military services to set up an emergency UNKNOWN center in the pentagon and prepare to respond to various fema requests for assistance . 
by yesterday afternoon , air force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , UNKNOWN , communications equipment and fema personnel to california . 
a military jet flew a congressional delegation and senior bush administration officials to survey the damage . 
and the pentagon said dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert `` awaiting orders to move emergency supplies . '' 
two air force facilities near sacramento , and UNKNOWN air force base , 99 miles northeast of san francisco , were designated to serve as UNKNOWN centers . 
some victims also were treated at the UNKNOWN army medical center in san francisco and at the naval hospital in oakland . 
in addition , 99 military police from the UNKNOWN , a military base in san francisco , are UNKNOWN with traffic control , and a navy ship was moved from a naval station at UNKNOWN island near the bay bridge to san francisco to help fight fires . 
to help residents in northern california rebuild , fema intends to set up 99 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 999 to 999 workers from various agencies , said robert UNKNOWN , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division . 
at these offices , earthquake victims will be helped in filling out a UNKNOWN form that they will need to qualify for such federal assistance as UNKNOWN loans and to repair houses . 
and federal officials are promising to move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely damaged road system . 
the federal highway administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters . 
the account currently has $ 999 million . 
and though federal law UNKNOWN that only $ 999 million can be UNKNOWN from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect congress to move in to UNKNOWN spending more now in california . 
to get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time . 
keith UNKNOWN , special assistant to federal highway administrator thomas UNKNOWN , also said that after the 9999 san UNKNOWN earthquake in southern california , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to UNKNOWN highways and bridges for earthquake UNKNOWN . 
the first phase of the program has been completed , but two other UNKNOWN are continuing . 
the two major structures that failed tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 9999 earthquake -- the san francisco bay bridge , completed in the 9999s , and the section of UNKNOWN , built in the 9999s . 
the UNKNOWN section had completed the first phase of the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
farmers UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but how much will shoppers benefit ? 
the harvest UNKNOWN in plenty after last year 's UNKNOWN effort : the government estimates corn output at 9.99 billion UNKNOWN , up 99 % from last fall . 
soybean production UNKNOWN 99 % . 
as a result , prices paid to farmers for the commodities , which are used in products as diverse as UNKNOWN gum and chicken feed , UNKNOWN 99 % to 99 % . 
but do n't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket . 
economists expect consumer food prices to jump 9.9 % this year to the highest level since 9999 and up from last year 's 9.9 % rise . 
next year may see a drop of one percentage point . 
beef prices , UNKNOWN near records since the drought , could drop in UNKNOWN this winter if UNKNOWN expand UNKNOWN . 
lower feed prices may help animals eat more UNKNOWN , but humans have to factor in an expensive UNKNOWN : the UNKNOWN . 
food companies probably wo n't cut their prices much , UNKNOWN other costs . 
`` labor takes the biggest single chunk out of the ` food dollar , ' '' says frank UNKNOWN of the food institute . 
UNKNOWN says stores revive UNKNOWN like three cans of UNKNOWN for 99 cents . 
two cans cost 99 cents during the drought . 
if in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
costly UNKNOWN problems and procedures UNKNOWN as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now . 
it 's estimated that one in six couples UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and in 9999 , americans spent about $ 9 billion to fight the problem . 
only about five states now offer some form of insurance coverage , but more are expected . 
a letter in the new england journal of medicine notes that while technology offers `` almost endless hope ... when to stop has become a difficult question ... . '' 
the authors , from boston 's UNKNOWN israel hospital , say that 99 % of the 99 UNKNOWN they followed occurred after only two in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
it adds that UNKNOWN were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely . 
some couples continue to try . 
`` such determination may UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns . 
market moves , these managers do n't . 
only three of the 99 corporate pension fund managers attending a UNKNOWN consulting group client conference say they plan to change the asset allocation mix in their portfolios because of the market drop . 
world UNKNOWN come alive in a UNKNOWN version of the guinness book of records . 
the $ 99 UNKNOWN disk ( it can only be played on an apple UNKNOWN computer at the moment ) combines UNKNOWN , music and sound . 
among the guinness disk 's UNKNOWN : the world 's UNKNOWN recorded UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN fax from david UNKNOWN begins a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN today at new york 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gallery . 
one of the artist 's earliest fax works was `` little stanley UNKNOWN , '' a UNKNOWN of his dog . 
UNKNOWN give and receive in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with employees ' favored charities . 
the federal election commission clears corporate plans to UNKNOWN to an employee 's chosen charity in exchange for the worker 's gift to the company political action committee . 
latest approvals : bell atlantic 's new jersey bell and general dynamics . 
companies get more political UNKNOWN plus a possible UNKNOWN charitable UNKNOWN -- so far no word from the irs on deductibility . 
detroit edison , the plan pioneer , generated $ 99,999 in matching funds this year , up from $ 99,999 in 9999 . 
but the utility may not continue next year . 
`` we 're on a tight budget , '' says detroit edison 's carol UNKNOWN . 
two election commission members opposed the matching plans . 
scott e. thomas says the plans give employees `` a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer 's treasury '' in exchange for the political UNKNOWN . 
`` the u.s. government could be , in effect , UNKNOWN political contributions to corporate UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
new jersey bell UNKNOWN state UNKNOWN . 
despite federal approval , general dynamics says it decided it wo n't go ahead with the matching program . 
christmas shoppers find a helping hand from some catalog companies . 
UNKNOWN ellis & UNKNOWN estimates direct mail catalog sales rose to $ 99 billion last year . 
and while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 9999 christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual UNKNOWN crush . 
spiegel promises a `` guaranteed christmas , '' with a UNKNOWN to deliver goods before christmas if ordered by dec. 99 . 
and , for an extra $ 9 , land 's end will deliver orders within two days ; customers can UNKNOWN the day . 
spiegel , which also owns UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , says that since 9999 , sales have doubled during the week before christmas . 
an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN spokeswoman notes : `` people are just used to living in a UNKNOWN society . '' 
UNKNOWN ellis , a UNKNOWN brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about 9,999 workers for the season rush , about 999 more than last year ; land 's end UNKNOWN 9,999 . 
UNKNOWN : 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN soft drink , is brought to the u.s. by UNKNOWN , chevy chase , md . 
new product news says the beverage `` looks like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN a little like UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN gum . '' ... 
`` UNKNOWN '' planned for chicago 's new UNKNOWN tower apartments include an UNKNOWN investment UNKNOWN . 
four years ago , pittsburgh was designated the UNKNOWN u.s. city by rand UNKNOWN 's places rated UNKNOWN , and the honor did UNKNOWN to improve pittsburgh 's UNKNOWN image . 
`` people asked , is it really true ? '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice president , marketing services , for UNKNOWN products usa , a maker of health and UNKNOWN products that used the ranking in its recruiting UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN city , calif. , meanwhile , UNKNOWN dead last among 999 UNKNOWN areas . 
UNKNOWN , residents burned rand UNKNOWN books and wore UNKNOWN that said : `` UNKNOWN my atlas . '' 
the UNKNOWN will be making new friends and UNKNOWN on oct. 99 , when an UNKNOWN version will be released . 
pittsburgh figures it will be UNKNOWN but plans to accept its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the city 's office of promotion plans media events to welcome its successor . 
`` we 're encouraging a UNKNOWN transition , '' says mary UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the organization 's president . 
`` our attitude is that ( the ranking ) is like miss america . 
once you 're miss america , you 're always miss america . '' 
tell that to atlanta , which pittsburgh replaced as the UNKNOWN city in 9999 . 
many UNKNOWN thought pittsburgh was an UNKNOWN heir . 
a columnist in the atlanta journal and constitution wrote : `` who did the research for this report ? 
two guys from gary , UNKNOWN ? '' 
not so . 
UNKNOWN david UNKNOWN and richard UNKNOWN , live in UNKNOWN , mass. , and UNKNOWN , n.c. , respectively . 
`` atlanta , '' mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , `` has UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN status . '' 
the new edition lists the top 99 metropolitan areas as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , calif. ; boston ; louisville , ky. ; UNKNOWN , n.y. ; new york ; pittsburgh ; san diego ; san francisco ; seattle ; and washington . 
mr. UNKNOWN says earthquake or not , san francisco makes the list . 
but attention also UNKNOWN on who UNKNOWN last , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN -- which finished third to last in 9999 and second to last in 9999 -- is certainly in the running . 
`` i hate to UNKNOWN the publication by commenting on the UNKNOWN rating , '' mayor UNKNOWN robinson says , adding that cities have no way to UNKNOWN the book . 
`` it 's like fighting your way out of a UNKNOWN . 
you do n't know which way to UNKNOWN . 
northrop corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , while general dynamics corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
los angeles-based northrop recorded an 9.9 % decline in sales as b-9 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN revenue continued to UNKNOWN and high costs on some other programs cut into profit . 
the aerospace concern earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales in the latest period were $ 9.99 billion , down from $ 9.99 billion in the 9999 quarter . 
at st. UNKNOWN general dynamics , sales rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
it earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the 9999 quarter . 
general dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments , an earnings recovery in UNKNOWN operations , and higher military aircraft sales . 
northrop said sales fell because of the decline in b-9 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN fighter sections are being produced in its UNKNOWN work with prime contractor mcdonnell douglas corp . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , northrop shares closed at $ 99.999 , off 99 cents . 
general dynamics closed at $ 99.999 , up 99 cents . 
northrop , which since early 9999 has declined to accept UNKNOWN contracts for research and development , said earnings were hurt by excessive costs on a number of such contracts won years ago . 
among them were the UNKNOWN electronic UNKNOWN system for the f-99 fighter . 
northrop 's interest expense also soared to $ 99 million from $ 99 million a year ago . 
it said debt remained at the $ 9.99 billion that has UNKNOWN since early 9999 , although that compared with $ 999 million at sept. 99 , 9999 . 
the backlog of UNKNOWN orders at northrop on sept. 99 was $ 9.99 billion , down from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
for the nine months , northrop reported a net loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9 a share , compared with profit of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in 9999 . 
sales dipped 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
at general dynamics , factors reducing earnings in the military aircraft segment included higher levels of UNKNOWN in development of the advanced tactical fighter , and the high cost of an advanced version of the f-99 fighter . 
f-99 deliveries also have fallen `` slightly behind schedule , '' although a return to the previous schedule is expected in 9999 , the company said . 
backlog at general dynamics rose to $ 99.9 billion from $ 99.9 billion . 
its interest expense surged to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
for the nine months , general dynamics earned $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up marginally from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , on a 9.9 % rise in sales to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
lotus development corp. reported a surprisingly strong 99 % increase in third-quarter net income on a 99 % sales gain , buoyed by strong demand for a new version of its 9-9-9 computer spreadsheet . 
the results topped analysts ' expectations and the earnings growth of competitors , prompting traders to all but forget the UNKNOWN delays that UNKNOWN down the company for much of the past two years . 
yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , lotus shares rose to $ 99.99 , up $ 9.99 apiece , UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of more than 99 % . 
lotus said net rose to $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 999.9 million . 
a year ago , net was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 999.9 million . 
for the nine months , net of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , trailed the year earlier 's $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
sales rose to $ 999 million from $ 999 million the year earlier . 
in the first half , lotus struggled to keep market share with costly promotions while customers UNKNOWN the launch of 9-9-9 release 9 , the upgraded spreadsheet software . 
lotus 's results were about 99 % higher than analysts ' average expectations and compared UNKNOWN with the 99 % earnings rise reported a day earlier by rival microsoft corp. of UNKNOWN , wash . 
the company said results were bolstered by UNKNOWN to release 9 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of UNKNOWN controls . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a goldman sachs analyst , said lotus had upgrade revenue of about $ 99 million in the quarter , twice what he had expected . 
also , he estimated unit shipments of 9-9-9 in all its forms were about 999,999 , up 9 % from 9999 's quarterly average . 
demand for the new version was enabling lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in release 9 's launch , mr. UNKNOWN added . 
he estimated that 9-9-9 UNKNOWN microsoft 's UNKNOWN spreadsheet by UNKNOWN in the quarter , and held a 99 % or better share of the spreadsheet market . 
silicon valley UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN of relief yesterday . 
though details were UNKNOWN in the aftermath of the UNKNOWN earthquake that shook the high-tech UNKNOWN along with the rest of the san francisco bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially UNKNOWN damage to facilities or UNKNOWN equipment . 
analysts and corporate officials said they expected UNKNOWN no long-term disruption in shipments from the valley of either hardware or software goods . 
intel corp. , advanced micro devices inc. and national semiconductor corp. were all up and running yesterday , though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways ; others elected to take the day off . 
`` these systems are more UNKNOWN than many people would believe , '' said thomas UNKNOWN , who tracks the computer industry for merrill lynch research . 
`` it 's not the end of the world if you shake them up a little bit . '' 
other companies , including international business machines corp. and hewlett-packard co. , completely UNKNOWN their operations because of tuesday evening 's temblor , which registered 9.9 on the richter scale . 
personnel spent the morning UNKNOWN buildings for structural UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN up water from broken UNKNOWN and clearing ceiling UNKNOWN and other debris from factory floors . 
still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the semiconductor industry association , based in cupertino . 
ibm , for instance , said it anticipates returning to a normal work schedule by the weekend at its san jose plant , which puts out disk drives for the 9999 family of mainframes . 
a hewlett-packard spokeswoman said that , while `` things are a big mess , '' some 99,999 valley employees have been called back to work today . 
apple computer added that it was being `` UNKNOWN optimistic , '' despite not yet closely UNKNOWN all of its 99 buildings in the region . 
even the carefully UNKNOWN machinery in its giant UNKNOWN plant , to the north of the valley , was believed to be UNKNOWN . 
sun microsystems inc. and tandem computers inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
digital equipment corp. , with major facilities in santa clara , cupertino , palo alto and mountain view , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in maynard , mass. , tuesday night . 
none sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the UNKNOWN manufacturing process machines were UNKNOWN and were all found to be operating normally . '' 
for many companies , of course , there is still a slew of UNKNOWN problems to UNKNOWN with , some of which have the potential to become quite serious . 
for example , a spokesman for advanced micro devices said the sunnyvale chip maker is worried about UNKNOWN . 
a sudden surge or drop in electric power could UNKNOWN integrated UNKNOWN being built . 
but , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the UNKNOWN business , the bulk of valley companies seemed to be just about UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
several factors apparently UNKNOWN the valley -- a UNKNOWN suburban stretch from san jose to palo alto -- from the kind of impact felt in san francisco , an hour 's drive north . 
for one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes . 
also , the soil in the valley is solid , unlike the landfill of san francisco 's downtown marina district , which was hit with fires and vast destruction . 
in addition , some UNKNOWN companies said they were prepared for UNKNOWN conditions like tuesday 's . 
their machine tools are even UNKNOWN to the shop floor . 
intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN through its plants . 
like other large valley companies , intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a UNKNOWN at one location should n't leave customers in a total UNKNOWN . 
that 's certainly good news for such companies as compaq computer corp. , houston , which has only a four-day supply of UNKNOWN from the valley on hand because of a UNKNOWN manufacturing approach that limits the buildup of inventory . 
compaq said it UNKNOWN no difficulties in obtaining parts in the immediate future . 
computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
digital equipment has set up UNKNOWN response centers in dallas , atlanta and colorado springs , UNKNOWN . 
these units were handling calls both from people in the san francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to UNKNOWN digital automatically when trouble UNKNOWN . 
they then run UNKNOWN controlled UNKNOWN programs . 
digital also said it has dispatched teams of technicians to california . 
meanwhile , several other major installations around the valley -- america 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected . 
lawrence UNKNOWN national laboratory , where the energy department tests and UNKNOWN research on nuclear weapons , had only `` UNKNOWN damage , '' a spokesman said . 
at lockheed corp. 's missiles and space systems group in sunnyvale , about 99 miles south of san francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that `` there were no UNKNOWN '' in the UNKNOWN buildings on its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
several engineering and research offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , but `` the bulk of the place is in pretty good shape , '' an official said . 
one of lockheed 's most lucrative sectors -- accounting for more than half the aerospace company 's $ 99.99 billion in sales in 9999 -- the missiles and space group is the prime pentagon contractor on the UNKNOWN ii UNKNOWN missile . 
it also generates pieces of the missile shield called the strategic defense initiative . 
fortunately , the UNKNOWN space UNKNOWN -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for UNKNOWN solar systems and light UNKNOWN 99 billion years ago from the UNKNOWN reaches of the universe -- was moved from sunnyvale to the kennedy space center in florida at the beginning of october . 
john r. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to this article . 
michael maynard offered the world a faster way to break eggs . 
as thanks , the egg industry tried to break him . 
and the egg producers have done a pretty good job . 
they tried to put mr. maynard out of business by an act of congress . 
UNKNOWN lobbying helped persuade six states to ban mr. maynard 's automatic UNKNOWN machine because of fears over salmonella . 
his company , UNKNOWN manufacturing inc. , was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 9999 and has since been liquidated . 
monthly sales of his egg king machine -- which he now is marketing through a new company -- have UNKNOWN to about half a dozen from a peak of 99 , says the 99-year-old businessman . 
mr. maynard is n't the first entrepreneur to UNKNOWN up against entrenched interests . 
but his case is UNKNOWN both for the scale of the fight -- it is n't often that a congressional hearing is held to determine whether one small businessman is a threat to the republic -- and for what it tells about the UNKNOWN of marketing a new product . 
now one might ask why people who sell eggs would fight someone who is trying to make it easier to crack them . 
part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry . 
many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN billions of eggs , turning them into UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN egg products . 
however , dozens of UNKNOWN , restaurant chefs and other food UNKNOWN who UNKNOWN to mr. maynard 's defense say that products ranging from egg UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN lose some UNKNOWN when the eggs come in UNKNOWN cans instead of UNKNOWN . 
but for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand . 
the idea behind the egg king is pretty simple : put the eggs into a UNKNOWN that contains UNKNOWN baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the UNKNOWN and strain the UNKNOWN part through the baskets . 
one egg king -- which at just under four feet UNKNOWN and two feet wide has been UNKNOWN to the robot UNKNOWN -- can crack about 99,999 eggs an hour . 
because fresh eggs are less expensive than processed ones , a big egg user can recover the egg king 's $ 9,999 cost in a few months , says mr. maynard . 
such UNKNOWN egg breakers have been around since the 9999s . 
but when mr. maynard came forward with his machine in the early 9999s nobody else was offering them in the u.s. . 
the main reason : salmonella . 
UNKNOWN carry this bacteria , which can cause upset UNKNOWN and , in rare cases , death among people . 
UNKNOWN sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
thus , any machine that breaks large amounts of eggs at once has the potential to spread salmonella if a bad egg gets in with the good ones . 
mr. maynard claims this is a UNKNOWN problem . 
the egg king carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly UNKNOWN and , as an added UNKNOWN , to use the eggs only in products that will be UNKNOWN enough to kill bacteria . 
with nearly 9,999 machines in use , there have been no salmonella problems as long as instructions were followed , mr. maynard boasts . 
he says the handful of salmonella cases involving products that may have used eggs broken by an egg king stemmed from a failure to adequately UNKNOWN the products . 
but he says that 's no more a reason for banning egg UNKNOWN than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars . 
opponents do n't buy such arguments . 
`` human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says jack UNKNOWN , chief of food protection for the new york state health department . 
leading the assault against the egg king has been united egg producers . 
the UNKNOWN , ga. , trade group has issued a `` briefing book '' that claims the machine is `` a health UNKNOWN '' and that mr. maynard is trying `` to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers . '' 
the UNKNOWN declines to comment , but the group 's attorney , alfred UNKNOWN , says the group 's actions are motivated solely by `` health concerns . '' 
an early UNKNOWN was the u.s. department of agriculture . 
mr. maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at UNKNOWN facilities UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN 's food safety UNKNOWN service . 
unfortunately for mr. maynard , another branch of the UNKNOWN , the agricultural marketing service , was in charge of eggs . 
after receiving complaints from egg producers , this branch got the other branch to UNKNOWN its approval , thus limiting the machine 's potential market to UNKNOWN and restaurants and other UNKNOWN that are n't UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN . 
the egg producers also UNKNOWN the food and drug administration . 
but the fda in a 9999 letter to the united egg producers said that there was `` little likelihood '' of a health problem as long as instructions were followed . 
so the producers went to capitol hill , where a congressman from georgia introduced a measure to ban UNKNOWN UNKNOWN machines . 
mr. maynard , whose company at the time was based in santa UNKNOWN , calif. , UNKNOWN his local congressman , and the battle was joined . 
mr. maynard 's forces finally defeated the measure , though it took a vote on the floor of the house of representatives to do it . 
even then , opponents managed to get a congressional hearing to UNKNOWN what one congressman called an `` unscrupulous '' method for breaking eggs . 
UNKNOWN in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states . 
so far , new york , new jersey , UNKNOWN , georgia , michigan and minnesota have UNKNOWN mr. maynard 's device , citing health concerns . 
an antitrust suit that mr. maynard 's company filed in los angeles federal court against the united egg producers and others only added to the entrepreneur 's woes . 
the judge dismissed the suit and ordered mr. maynard 's company to pay over $ 999,999 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
mr. maynard says the ruling pushed his company into bankruptcy court . 
now he has moved to oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , UNKNOWN inc. , to market his machine . 
but , so far , the change of UNKNOWN has n't ended his string of bad breaks . 
mr. maynard recently fell from a horse and UNKNOWN his arm . 
UNKNOWN pfeiffer ca n't UNKNOWN gum and UNKNOWN at the same time . 
but on the evidence of `` the UNKNOWN baker boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies . 
as the tough , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in `` the UNKNOWN baker boys , '' ms. pfeiffer UNKNOWN for herself , and more than UNKNOWN well . 
her UNKNOWN diamond UNKNOWN a song the way the UNKNOWN do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's UNKNOWN on matching that internal tone . 
yet her intensity UNKNOWN and starts with the music . 
when she is n't performing for an audience , she UNKNOWN for a song by UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of gum from her mouth , and indicates that she 's finished by UNKNOWN the gum back in . 
like almost everything in this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN movie , ms. pfeiffer 's UNKNOWN seems like someone you 've seen before , in numerous UNKNOWN stories ( even her name , UNKNOWN diamond , sounds like a character UNKNOWN UNKNOWN must have played ) . 
yet nothing about `` baker boys , '' and certainly nothing about ms. pfeiffer , really is like something from the video UNKNOWN . 
steve UNKNOWN , the young writer and director ( he is n't yet 99 ) , has only one produced picture to his credit ; he wrote the UNKNOWN for `` racing with the UNKNOWN , '' a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN picture set in the '99s . 
both movies are UNKNOWN with the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of someone much older , someone who does n't UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but who also has enough experience to see his limits . 
however , mr. UNKNOWN directs his own material without UNKNOWN and at its own UNKNOWN pace ; `` baker boys '' is both UNKNOWN and funny . 
he 's put a fresh spin on material that could come off UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; for example , the way UNKNOWN UNKNOWN an audience the first time she UNKNOWN with the baker boys . 
of course , it does n't hurt that mr. UNKNOWN has made up for his lack of experience behind the camera with technicians who know exactly what they 're doing . 
much of the picture 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN michael UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN work . 
after working for years with werner UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the late german director , and more recently with martin UNKNOWN ( `` after hours , '' `` the color of money , '' `` the last UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN '' ) , mr. UNKNOWN has developed a UNKNOWN fluid style . 
and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN score UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN requirements of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( `` feelings '' is a must ) without UNKNOWN . 
though ms. pfeiffer has the UNKNOWN part -- she gets the best comic UNKNOWN and to wear UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN heels the boys are pretty great , too . 
what seemed like a good idea , to cast the bridges brothers ( jeff and UNKNOWN ) as the baker brothers , actually turned out to be a good idea . 
anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
so it 's quite possible that the UNKNOWN play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that jeff and UNKNOWN had to work like crazy to make their UNKNOWN love -- and UNKNOWN and frustration and rage -- seem so very real . 
when the movie opens the baker brothers are doing what they 've done for 99 years UNKNOWN , and twice as long as that for themselves : they 're playing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
they 're small time in the small UNKNOWN ( not the best ones ) and restaurants in seattle . 
yet they do n't UNKNOWN their audiences by UNKNOWN their act . 
they wear UNKNOWN most nights , unless circumstances ( a regular UNKNOWN at a `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN , for example ) require them to wear special UNKNOWN , like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , looking eager to UNKNOWN with his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and round face , plays the older brother , frank . 
frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job . 
he 's even able to think of a job that takes him out of the house 999 nights a week as an ordinary job . 
he 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the UNKNOWN ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
frank UNKNOWN a little for the UNKNOWN , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation . 
on his UNKNOWN he wears UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
jeff bridges is the younger brother , jack , who UNKNOWN himself the UNKNOWN artist ; he lives in a UNKNOWN with his sick dog and the UNKNOWN visit from the little girl UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN down the fire escape . 
yet jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he UNKNOWN shows up for work night after night ( he UNKNOWN himself with UNKNOWN and by showing up at the last minute ) . 
looking UNKNOWN than he has in a while , the younger mr. bridges 's jack is UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN and a far UNKNOWN case than frank , who 's managed to UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN to fit reality without feeling too UNKNOWN . 
he can live with little UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN has put together some UNKNOWN moments . 
these include UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN to be the baker boys ' girl singer . 
ms. UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN voice showed great comic promise during her UNKNOWN as the UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN on the television show , `` hill street UNKNOWN . '' 
here she UNKNOWN , especially during her UNKNOWN awful UNKNOWN of the `` UNKNOWN man , '' which she UNKNOWN while UNKNOWN around in a little cotton UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that could n't be more perfect . 
( it matches her voice . ) 
and ms. pfeiffer 's particular version of `` making UNKNOWN '' -- and the way mr. UNKNOWN photographs her , from the UNKNOWN of her red high heels right up her UNKNOWN red UNKNOWN dress -- might make you think of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN if ms. pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right . 
video tip : 
if you 'd like to see the first time UNKNOWN pfeiffer UNKNOWN on screen , and you have a lot of UNKNOWN , take a look at `` UNKNOWN 9 . '' 
you 'll find her there . 
better yet , check out the UNKNOWN of her comic UNKNOWN in `` married to the UNKNOWN , '' jonathan UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN comedy . 
international proteins corp. UNKNOWN agreed to pay $ 99 million and 9,999,999 of its shares for hanson plc 's ground round restaurant subsidiary . 
shareholders of international proteins , a food and UNKNOWN company , will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month . 
hanson is a london producer of consumer and other goods . 
international proteins shares did n't trade yesterday on the american stock exchange . 
they closed tuesday in composite trading at $ 99.999 , down 99.9 cents , giving the stock portion of the transaction an indicated value of $ 99.9 million . 
control data corp. agreed to sell its idle supercomputer manufacturing plant here to minnesota mining & manufacturing co. for $ 9.9 million . 
the UNKNOWN agreement calls for UNKNOWN to use the UNKNOWN plant and 99 acres of land for research laboratories . 
control data has been seeking a buyer for the facility since it UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN systems inc. supercomputer unit this past april . 
general dynamics corp. was awarded contracts totaling $ 999 million for one navy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and for air force research on the national aerospace plane . 
grumman corp. won a $ 99.9 million navy contract for 99 f-99 aircraft . 
UNKNOWN co. was issued a $ 99.9 million air force contract for support of the UNKNOWN communications satellite . 
mcdonnell douglas corp. got a $ 99.9 million air force contract for support work on the national aerospace plane . 
UNKNOWN c. smith was named to the new post of vice president of world-wide advanced materials operations for this chemicals concern . 
mr. smith , 99 years old , was formerly responsible for advanced materials , which include plastic UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , in north america only . 
UNKNOWN is 99%-owned by montedison s.p . a. of milan , italy . 
UNKNOWN co. said it will redeem all 9,999 shares of its privately held 9.9 % convertible series c preferred stock nov. 9 . 
holders can either convert each share into 999 shares of the company 's common stock , or UNKNOWN their shares at the per-share price of $ 9,999 , plus UNKNOWN dividends of $ 9.99 a share . 
UNKNOWN makes and markets products for the construction , mining and energy industries . 
bank building & equipment corp. of america , which previously said accounting discrepancies its auditors uncovered would hurt earnings and require UNKNOWN of earlier results , increased its projections of the negative fiscal impact , and said it was exploring the company 's sale . 
bank building , which builds and UNKNOWN banks , had announced it would UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN quarters of this fiscal year , which ends oct. 99 . 
on oct. 9 , the company estimated after-tax effects on the year 's earnings would be `` at least '' $ 9.9 million . 
yesterday , the company said the negative after-tax effect on earnings for the year will be about $ 9.9 million . 
for the nine months ended july 99 , bank building had a net loss of $ 9 million , on revenue of $ 99.9 million . 
bank building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available . 
bank building earlier said the UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN by `` certain errors in recording receivables and UNKNOWN '' at its UNKNOWN cabinet division . 
that division 's manager has been fired . 
in american stock exchange composite trading , bank building closed at $ 9 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
gen. paul UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , retired UNKNOWN of the u.s. marine corps , was elected a director of this plastics , specialty materials and aerospace concern , succeeding UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who resigned to accept a government position . 
rep. mary rose UNKNOWN ( d. , ohio ) at last week 's hearings on UNKNOWN in programs at the department of housing and urban development : 
i do n't want to feel guilty representing my constituents . 
and if i think that some people { on hud secretary jack kemp 's } staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my UNKNOWN , i have to tell you something -- i 'm not going to take it . 
i think that i 'm elected to represent the people that sent me here . 
and one of our charges is to be an UNKNOWN for our area . 
and if we 're not UNKNOWN for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office . 
on the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or UNKNOWN and so on , then that 's a whole different story . 
but if i feel that there are situations where i 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and i have to feel that i ca n't even ask a question , i 've got to tell you , i think that 's UNKNOWN . . 
i think these regulations that would prohibit UNKNOWN programs in areas across this country would be wrong to change ... . 
i do n't want to see some guidelines change that 's going to UNKNOWN my city 's opportunity to use its money . 
the chicago mercantile exchange said it fined capcom futures inc. $ 999,999 and accepted its withdrawal from membership as part of a settlement of disciplinary actions against the firm . 
capcom futures is a chicago subsidiary of capcom financial services ltd. , a london financial firm that was UNKNOWN last year in a scheme to UNKNOWN drug money . 
the case is pending . 
the firm was indicted in tampa , fla. , on UNKNOWN charges . 
in june , the chicago board of trade said it suspended capcom financial . 
the capcom futures unit withdrew from board of trade membership voluntarily in august , a board of trade spokesman said . 
capcom futures , while neither admitting nor denying the merc charges , said in a statement that the merc charges were `` technical in nature '' and that `` no customers were hurt '' as a result of the violations cited by the merc . 
the merc alleged that , among other things , from april 9999 through october 9999 capcom futures failed to document trades between capcom futures and people or entities directly or indirectly controlled by capcom futures shareholders . 
frederick w. lang , 99 years old , the founder of this software services concern , was elected to the new post of chairman . 
formerly president and treasurer , mr. lang remains chief executive officer . 
victor c. UNKNOWN , 99 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds mr. lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post . 
UNKNOWN warren , 99-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group . 
the post of chief executive has been vacant since july when terry UNKNOWN , 99 , left the company . 
money-market mutual fund assets grew at nearly three times their usual rate in the latest week , as investors UNKNOWN for safety instead of the stock market . 
UNKNOWN assets soared $ 9.9 billion in the week ended tuesday , to a record $ 999.9 billion , according to UNKNOWN / donoghue 's money fund report , a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN newsletter . 
`` we were expecting it , following the fall of the dow friday , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , editor of money fund report . 
`` it 's the UNKNOWN flight to safety . '' 
despite recent declines in interest rates , money funds continue to offer better yields than other comparable investments . 
the average seven-day compound yield on the 999 taxable funds tracked by UNKNOWN / donoghue 's was 9.99 % in the latest week , down from 9.99 % . 
compound yields assume UNKNOWN of dividends and that current yields continue for a year . 
most short-term certificates of deposit are yielding about 9 % or less at major banks , and the yields on treasury bills sold at monday 's auction fell to 9.99 % for three months and 9.99 % for six months . 
UNKNOWN assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 9.9 billion a week in recent months , ms. UNKNOWN said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
in the latest week , funds open to institutions alone grew by $ 9.9 billion . 
some fund managers say UNKNOWN could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of friday 's 999.99 point drop in the dow jones industrial average . 
`` if you 're selling equities , you do n't start getting proceeds for five to seven days , '' said frank UNKNOWN , who manages the kemper money market fund . 
neal UNKNOWN , marketing vice president for fidelity investments , said UNKNOWN friday into fidelity 's UNKNOWN and cash reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds . 
monday and tuesday `` were lackluster in comparison , '' he said . 
`` people are n't necessarily running scared , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` they 're maintaining their attitude toward investing , which has UNKNOWN toward the conservative recently . '' 
UNKNOWN yields tend to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
maturities usually are UNKNOWN when rates are rising and longer when they are falling . 
the average maturity of the funds tracked by UNKNOWN / donoghue 's remained at 99 days for the third consecutive week . 
it was as short as 99 days at the start of this year , when rates were UNKNOWN steadily upward , and hit 99 days in august . 
the average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 9.99 % this week from 9.99 % . 
the average 99-day simple yield was 9.99 % , compared with 9.99 % the week before , and the 99-day compound yield slid to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
the highest yielding taxable fund this week was harbor money market fund , with a seven-day compound yield of 99.99 % . 
that included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
among the other UNKNOWN funds , fidelity 's UNKNOWN fund had a seven-day compound yield of 9.99 % in the latest week . 
the seven-day compound yield of the dreyfus worldwide dollar fund was 9.99 % . 
whose della femina mcnamee wcrs agency created UNKNOWN joe UNKNOWN , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely UNKNOWN it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to UNKNOWN eurocom . 
the complex restructuring , which was long expected , UNKNOWN london-based wcrs from primarily a UNKNOWN of advertising into one of europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
it also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by eurocom and headed jointly by new york ad man jerry della femina and two top wcrs executives . 
the merged agency 's UNKNOWN ambitious goal : to become one of the world 's 99 largest agencies , while attracting more UNKNOWN clients than the agencies were able to attract alone . 
wcrs 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk . 
for eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong u.s. UNKNOWN in della femina , and more than UNKNOWN the size of its ad agency business world-wide . 
it also gives the UNKNOWN mr. della femina -- who often generates as much publicity for himself as for his clients -- an international platform that he most certainly wo n't be UNKNOWN to use . 
according to terms , wcrs will pay 9.99 billion french francs ( $ 999.9 million ) for the 99 % it does n't already own of carat holding s.a. , one of europe 's largest media buyers . 
meanwhile , eurocom , which had held 99 % of wcrs 's ad unit , will pay # 99.9 million ( $ 99.9 million ) to raise its stake to 99 % . 
that price also covers eurocom raising to 99 % its 99 % stake in europe 's UNKNOWN group , a joint venture ad agency network it owns with wcrs . 
eurocom will also have the right to buy the remaining 99 % of the merged ad agency group in six years . 
the transaction places the three executives UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN of a major agency with the rather UNKNOWN name of eurocom wcrs della femina ball ltd. , or UNKNOWN . 
the merged agency will include della femina mcnamee based in new york , eurocom 's various agencies in france , the UNKNOWN group in europe and wcrs 's other advertising and direct marketing operations . 
mr. della femina will be joint chairman with former wcrs executive UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
both will report to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a former wcrs executive who will be chief executive officer at the new agency . 
in an interview in new york , mr. UNKNOWN , fresh from a UNKNOWN flight from paris where executives had worked through most of the night , UNKNOWN big plans for the new agency . 
`` our goal is to develop quite rapidly to a UNKNOWN position ... by the end of three years from now . 
it implies very dramatic growth , '' he said . 
he added that eurocom and wcrs had agreed to provide a development fund of # 999 million for acquisitions . 
the new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in spain , while mr. UNKNOWN said it also plans to make acquisitions in UNKNOWN , germany and elsewhere . 
UNKNOWN the top 99 within three years will be difficult at best . 
della femina had billings of just $ 999 million last year and UNKNOWN as the u.s. 's UNKNOWN ad agency . 
the merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $ 9.9 billion -- most of that in europe -- bringing it to about 99th world-wide . 
to make it to UNKNOWN status , it would have to UNKNOWN over such UNKNOWN forces as grey advertising , d'arcy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN 's ddb needham . 
the merged agency 's game plan to attract UNKNOWN UNKNOWN advertisers may prove equally difficult . 
when wcrs created della femina mcnamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 9999 , it said it did so in order to attract larger clients , especially UNKNOWN companies . 
since then , della femina won pan am as an international client and also does work for a few UNKNOWN clients , including dow chemical co. 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but major UNKNOWN players of the world -- such as procter & gamble , colgate-palmolive and UNKNOWN -- have UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the agency . 
`` three of our favorite names , '' mr. della femina calls that UNKNOWN , adding hopefully , `` we 're a much more attractive agency to large UNKNOWN today than we were yesterday . '' 
still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful UNKNOWN between advertising and UNKNOWN firms that europe has seen . 
as part of the restructuring , wcrs and eurocom said they will look for ways to combine their media buying across europe . 
what 's more , both eurocom and brothers francis and UNKNOWN gross , who founded carat , will acquire 99.99 % stakes in wcrs group , creating a powerful link between eurocom and carat . 
carat will receive its wcrs stake as part of payment for the 99 % carat stake that wcrs is buying , while eurocom said it expects to pay about # 99 million for its wcrs stake . 
mr. della femina says he plans to remain heavily involved in the creative product at the world-wide agency , serving as a sort of `` creative UNKNOWN . '' 
UNKNOWN mcnamee , della femina 's president , will continue running the u.s. agency day-to-day . 
they and other top executives signed long-term employment contracts and mr. della femina will receive an additional UNKNOWN sum , which some industry executives pegged at about $ 99 million . 
wcrs group , for its part , will now be able to follow its longstanding plan of becoming `` a holding company for a series of UNKNOWN businesses , '' said peter scott , the firm 's chief executive . 
in addition to carat , wcrs will hold onto its public relations , tv programming and other businesses . 
wcrs says its debt will be cut to # 99 million from # 99 million as a result of the transaction . 
for carat , meanwhile , the alliance with eurocom and wcrs is intended to strengthen its own push outside france . 
carat 's gross brothers invented the idea of UNKNOWN buying of media space . 
by buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 99 % , which they can pass on to customers . 
they thus have won the french UNKNOWN business of such advertising giants as coca-cola co. , fiat s.p . a. , gillette and kodak . 
but now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing UNKNOWN groups -- and carat wants to expand to the rest of europe . 
to help finance the carat purchase , wcrs said it plans an issue of UNKNOWN preferred shares once the market UNKNOWN down . 
but wcrs added that `` in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , '' it has arranged UNKNOWN debt financing , which would be underwritten by samuel montagu & co. ltd . 
earthquake 's damage 
tuesday 's earthquake brought the san francisco ad scene to a UNKNOWN halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to UNKNOWN their hands about imminent UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
while no agencies reported injuries to employees , the quake damaged the offices of j. walter thompson , UNKNOWN / day / UNKNOWN and ddb needham , among others , spokesmen for those agencies said . 
staffers at thompson , whose offices are in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
UNKNOWN fell and windows were broken at UNKNOWN / day / UNKNOWN , a spokesman for that agency said . 
late yesterday afternoon , ddb needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today , a spokesman said . 
ddb needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added . 
`` all operations have stopped , '' he said . 
a number of agencies , including thompson and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , said some employees who live outside of san francisco , fearful that they would n't be able to get home , spent the night at the agency . 
ad notes ... . 
new account : 
UNKNOWN 's inc. , greenwich , conn. , awarded its UNKNOWN hair care accounts to j. walter thompson , new york . 
thompson , a unit of wpp group , will handle UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN net UNKNOWN . 
the accounts , which billed about $ 9 million last year , according to leading national advertisers , were previously handled at bozell , new york . 
who 's news : 
william UNKNOWN , 99 , was named executive vice president , world-wide director of UNKNOWN direct , the direct marketing unit of interpublic group 's UNKNOWN agency . 
he had been president and chief operating officer of ogilvy & mather direct . 
bozell : 
los angeles will be the site of a new entertainment division for the ad agency . 
the division will be headed by dick porter , who returns to bozell after being vice president of media at mgm . 
UNKNOWN advertising : 
the agency 's three california offices , previously called UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN advertising , will now be called UNKNOWN advertising to match the name of its new york office . 
UNKNOWN advertising is a unit of saatchi & saatchi co . 
new beer : 
UNKNOWN products inc. , greenwich , conn. , awarded its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN light beer account to UNKNOWN & associates , new york . 
budget is set at $ 9.9 million . 
the new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from switzerland 's UNKNOWN brewery . 
UNKNOWN 's first ads for the brand , which UNKNOWN says will compete with imported light beer leader UNKNOWN light , feature the line `` the best UNKNOWN light beer you 've ever seen . 
UNKNOWN motors corp. , a joint venture of chrysler corp. and mitsubishi motors corp. said it will begin shipping mitsubishi UNKNOWN cars to japan next week , UNKNOWN other japanese auto ventures shipping UNKNOWN vehicles back to japan . 
UNKNOWN said it will export about 9,999 UNKNOWN cars to japan by year 's end . 
honda motor co. , the first japanese auto maker to ship cars to japan from the u.s. , is now exporting more than 9,999 accord UNKNOWN a year from its UNKNOWN , ohio , factory . 
one of the most remarkable features of the forced UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN out of UNKNOWN over the past five months has been the lack of international attention . 
the UNKNOWN of more than 999,999 men , women and children by the UNKNOWN regime adds up to one of the largest UNKNOWN seen in the postwar years . 
yet some people are advancing a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN : that what we are seeing is somehow the UNKNOWN result of the historical UNKNOWN committed by the UNKNOWN in the 99th century . 
today 's UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , in other words , deserve what is coming to them four UNKNOWN later . 
as if this were n't enough , the senate judiciary committee is getting into the act . 
on tuesday it approved senator bob UNKNOWN 's proposed UNKNOWN resolution UNKNOWN april 99 , 9999 , as the `` national day of UNKNOWN of the 99th anniversary of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of 9999-9999 , '' suffered at the hands of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN empire . 
there can be no UNKNOWN that the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN terrible suffering , but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve . 
it puts great strain on a longstanding u.s. friendship with turkey , a country that has been one of america 's strongest allies in nato . 
the resolution also comes at a time when turkey has been seeking help from the united states in UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the european community . 
turkey has been fighting its past for years , and thus far has been only partially successful . 
must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the UNKNOWN of another people ? 
such sentiment only UNKNOWN the adverse feelings toward turkey that surfaced when turkey asked for assistance in dealing with its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN crisis . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's odd effort UNKNOWN , most of turkey 's political problems lie with the UNKNOWN . 
part of the problem some UNKNOWN have with turkey seems to stem from its location -- turkey is n't really part of europe . 
why , they wonder , should it belong to the ec ? 
another UNKNOWN hook is the UNKNOWN faith of the majority of the UNKNOWN people : turkey , we are told , is not a christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the western european UNKNOWN tradition . 
it 's when these UNKNOWN fall on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that the old UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN for treatment at the hands of the UNKNOWN empire comes to the UNKNOWN . 
no one has to accept the UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN empire to reject that argument . 
turkey in any event is long past it . 
the country has in recent years accepted more than 999,999 refugees from at least four UNKNOWN nations . 
UNKNOWN , suffering what many people consider to be a current UNKNOWN campaign at the hands of UNKNOWN , iran and UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN eastern turkey . 
now it is their fellow UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as refugees from UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the ongoing crisis can not be ignored and UNKNOWN off to that notorious UNKNOWN of history that has become so UNKNOWN recently . 
surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
but what the senate judiciary committee has done in supporting the strongly UNKNOWN UNKNOWN resolution UNKNOWN no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and UNKNOWN memories . 
congress has enough difficulty dealing with the UNKNOWN of the world as it currently exists . 
UNKNOWN 's government has been UNKNOWN beyond the pale for months , and the u.s. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past . 
many in washington say president bush will have to raise taxes to pay for his war on drugs . 
we have a better idea : UNKNOWN hud to pay for the war on drugs . 
housing and urban development 's budget is $ 99 billion . 
from what we and the nation have been reading , the money is n't being spent very well . 
the single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods . 
if that takes money , take it away from this UNKNOWN federal department . 
but of course the democrats UNKNOWN hud in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind . 
instead , they 're scrambling to protect the very programs at the heart of the hud scandal . 
this month , hud secretary jack kemp unveiled a series of proposed reforms to improve management at hud . 
no doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make UNKNOWN UNKNOWN programs work slightly more fairly and UNKNOWN . 
congress is unlikely to go even that far . 
last week , secretary kemp ran into a UNKNOWN of criticism from house banking committee members . 
they were UNKNOWN , for instance , that he wanted to target more of the $ 9 billion community development block grant ( UNKNOWN ) program to UNKNOWN projects and zero out the notorious `` discretionary '' funds that have allowed hud officials to UNKNOWN contracts to political UNKNOWN . 
these development grants mainly UNKNOWN developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking UNKNOWN . 
they also give those in congress political credit for bringing home the pork , and so they are popular with such members as mary rose UNKNOWN . 
rep. UNKNOWN , a democrat from cleveland , wants a $ 9.9 million grant so cleveland can build an 99-story rock and roll hall of fame . 
she says it 'd create 999 jobs and bring cleveland tourist revenue . 
hud says the project does n't qualify , and mr. kemp says that rock UNKNOWN roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money . 
at the hearing , rep. UNKNOWN started UNKNOWN about `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN regulations '' that would stand between her and `` housing for downtown cleveland . '' 
rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an ohio republican , rallied to the cause : `` i think the UNKNOWN is making an important statement . 
the implication that if a congressman calls about a project in his district there 's something wrong , i think is most unfortunate . '' 
we 're sure some UNKNOWN can explain the difference between what the republican consultants have been doing with hud and what these UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN want to do with hud . 
our view is that given congress 's attitude toward hud , the place probably is beyond reform . 
for more than 99 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities . 
in the process hud has UNKNOWN UNKNOWN billions , created UNKNOWN and invited corruption . 
much of hud 's spending actually is UNKNOWN welfare for developers or the middle class . 
that includes the UNKNOWN funds and the federal housing administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages and has just been discovered to be $ 9 billion in the hole . 
selling the fha 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers UNKNOWN billions in future losses . 
some hud money actually does UNKNOWN down to the poor , and UNKNOWN out housing UNKNOWN would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage and even own their units . 
the rest ought to be used to clean out drugs from the UNKNOWN . 
rival gangs have turned cities into combat zones . 
even suburban prince george 's county , md. , reported last week there have been a record 99 killings there this year , most of them drug-related . 
innocent UNKNOWN often are the victims . 
a man in a UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN down in the UNKNOWN of a miami drug battle . 
a UNKNOWN brooklyn boy was used as a shield by a drug dealer . 
decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government UNKNOWN the streets from the drug gangs . 
until then , the billions hud spends on inner-city housing simply is UNKNOWN . 
it 's still unclear whether secretary kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at hud or just UNKNOWN a few UNKNOWN here and there . 
no doubt he believes the place can be UNKNOWN . 
having seen the UNKNOWN with which congress has addressed the hud scandals , we disagree . 
it 's time to scrap the politically UNKNOWN spending machine hud has become and channel the resources into the drug war . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , succeeds UNKNOWN UNKNOWN jr. , who died in a plane crash on sunday at the age of 99 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN retains his position as president . 
natural UNKNOWN , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible UNKNOWN in and of themselves , but also UNKNOWN through which the state of a society can be UNKNOWN . 
the rubble after the UNKNOWN earthquake a year ago disclosed , quite literally , a city whose larger structures had been built with sand . 
the extent of the disaster stemmed from years of UNKNOWN and bureaucratic UNKNOWN . 
the larger parallel after the earthquake centered south of san francisco is surely with the state of the u.s. economy . 
did the stock-market tremors of friday , oct. 99 , UNKNOWN larger UNKNOWN , far greater UNKNOWN ? 
are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the UNKNOWN of the bay bridge ? 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN era has produced UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about the present UNKNOWN of u.s. economic and social arrangements . 
a licensed government intellectual , francis UNKNOWN , recently announced in the national interest that history is , so to speak , at an end since the course of human progress has now UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN full stop of american UNKNOWN . 
his UNKNOWN were taken seriously . 
but we are , in reality , UNKNOWN the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end . 
the financial equivalent of the sand used by those UNKNOWN contractors is junk bonds and the leveraged buy-outs associated with them . 
builders get away with using sand and UNKNOWN junk when society decides it 's UNKNOWN , necessary even , to look the other way . 
and by the early 9999s u.s. UNKNOWN had UNKNOWN reason to welcome junk bonds , to look the other way . 
by that time they found extremely low profit rates from UNKNOWN corporate investment . 
government statistics in fact show that the profit rate -- net pretax profits divided by capital stock -- peaked in 9999 at 99.9 % . 
that same UNKNOWN saw profit rates fall to 9.9 % in the recession year 9999 and the supposed UNKNOWN that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 9.9 % in 9999 and 9 % in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN to the fall in profit rates was -- in the early 9999s -- the drop in the number arrived at if you UNKNOWN the market value of firms by the replacement costs of their assets , the famous UNKNOWN ratio associated with UNKNOWN james UNKNOWN . 
in theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same . 
but of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits . 
this is indeed what the market decided . 
by 9999 the ratio was 99.9 % , meaning that the market was UNKNOWN every dollar 's worth of the average firm 's assets at 99 cents . 
from the history of capitalism we can take it as a sound bet that if it takes only 99 cents to buy a dollar 's worth of a firm 's capital stock , an alert entrepreneur wo n't look the other way . 
his assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits , thus UNKNOWN the market 's faith in them . 
hence the lbo UNKNOWN . 
but here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet , and where society was maybe UNKNOWN to look the other way . 
the profit rate is still low and the UNKNOWN ratio was only 99 % in 9999 and 99.9 % in 9999 . 
result : a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN , huge debt burdens UNKNOWN down upon the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of corporate america . 
the mounting risks did not go UNKNOWN , even in the mid-9999s . 
but there were enough UNKNOWN announcing the end of history ( in this case suspension of normal laws of economic UNKNOWN ) for society to continue UNKNOWN its eyes . 
mainstream economists and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN up at the great UNKNOWN of junk financing , UNKNOWN their heads to watch the UNKNOWN of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN corporate america , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall . 
but this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
the beneficiaries were those UNKNOWN whose UNKNOWN was the topic figure of '99s capitalism , michael milken 's $ 999 million salary in one year . 
UNKNOWN economists i associate with -- UNKNOWN in the union of radical political economists , most particularly robert UNKNOWN of the economics faculty at the university of california at UNKNOWN -- were not UNKNOWN in the manner of their UNKNOWN colleagues . 
all along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying UNKNOWN . 
profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher , and now we have an extremely UNKNOWN burden relative to cash flow . 
the consequences of building UNKNOWN with sand are showing up . 
in contrast to previous estimates UNKNOWN the default rate on junk bonds at 9 % or 9 % , a harvard study published in april of this year ( and discussed in a lead story in the wall street journal for sept. 99 ) found the default rate on these junk bonds is 99 % . 
what is the UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ? 
corporations need liquidity , in the form of borrowed funds . 
without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits , they look to the government , which UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the natural UNKNOWN of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN can be inflation , brought on as the effect of a desperate bid to avoid the UNKNOWN shock of a sudden crash . 
attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
mr. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN through UNKNOWN at the end of history , said in his UNKNOWN that `` the class issue has actually been successfully resolved in the west ... 
the UNKNOWN of modern america represents the essential achievement of the UNKNOWN society UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN might want to UNKNOWN some american workers on the subject of class and UNKNOWN . 
from its peak in 9999 of $ 999.99 , the average american weekly wage had fallen to $ 999.99 in 9999 -- both figures being expressed in 9999 dollars . 
in other words , after the glory boom of the reagan years , wages had UNKNOWN from the post world war ii peak by 99 % as UNKNOWN , helped by the government , turned down the UNKNOWN or went UNKNOWN . 
but there are signs now -- the strikes by UNKNOWN , boeing workers , telephone workers , UNKNOWN -- that this attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted . 
these are long-term richter UNKNOWN on american capitalism . 
the whole structure is extremely shaky . 
governments have become sophisticated in handling moments of panic ( a word the london times UNKNOWN my father to use when he was reporting the wall street crash in 9999 ) . 
but UNKNOWN has its limits . 
the s&l bailout could cost $ 999 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans . 
these are real costs . 
under what UNKNOWN will the federal deposit insurance corporation UNKNOWN ? 
capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden UNKNOWN , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural UNKNOWN of the system -- that make UNKNOWN of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a columnist for the nation and la weekly . 
japan air lines , lufthansa german airlines and air france reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year , a move that could further consolidate the industry . 
japanese newspaper UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN systems . 
they reportedly will invest a total of 99 billion yen ( $ 999 million ) in the venture , whose headquarters would be in france or west germany . 
the action follows federal express corp. 's acquisition of flying tiger line inc. in august . 
after that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said cotton daly , director of cargo services for new york consulting firm UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc . 
mr. daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat UNKNOWN by federal express , united parcel service of america inc. and other UNKNOWN air-freight companies . 
many airlines are talking about cargo ventures , and there have been rumors about such a tie between jal and european airlines . 
in tokyo , a jal spokesman said he could n't confirm or deny the latest japanese report . 
but he said jal is talking to lufthansa and air france about some sort of cargo venture . 
`` it is just one of a number of strategies jal has UNKNOWN upon to come to terms with the situation in europe after 9999 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the ec , he said . 
in frankfurt , a lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment . 
a lufthansa spokeswoman in tokyo said the head of lufthansa 's cargo operations had been in UNKNOWN last week for talks with jal . 
in paris , air france declined to comment . 
`` nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' mr. daly said of the talks . 
whatever accord the three carriers reach , he said , he is skeptical it would create a separate airline . 
if the three companies pool their air-freight businesses , their UNKNOWN would be considerable . 
according to figures from the international air transport association , they carried a combined 9.9 million tons of freight last year . 
federal express and flying tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 9.9 million tons . 
air france and lufthansa last month concluded a UNKNOWN cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities . 
they plan to increase cooperation in freight UNKNOWN and create a world-wide computer system to process cargo . 
other airlines would have access to the system , they said , and negotiations with partners were already under way . 
both european airlines operate extensive fleets of boeing 999 UNKNOWN and 999 UNKNOWN , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck . 
they currently have large orders for cargo planes . 
several airlines , including lufthansa , jal and cathay pacific airways , are working on a so-called global cargo system and are trying to attract other carriers to join , mr. daly said . 
jal also has signaled it is looking for UNKNOWN in europe before the end of 9999 . 
last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from british airways so it could UNKNOWN its passengers from london to other european UNKNOWN . 
british airways said it has n't received a proposal from jal . 
but last week there were UNKNOWN negotiations between the u.k. and japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between jal and british airways or another u.k. carrier . 
federal paper board co. said it completed the previously announced purchase of imperial cup corp. , a closely held maker of paper UNKNOWN based in UNKNOWN , ohio . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
imperial cup has annual sales of approximately $ 99 million . 
federal paper board sells paper and wood products . 
in a move to prevent any UNKNOWN in the financial markets from the california earthquake , the securities and exchange commission said it temporarily UNKNOWN options listed on the pacific stock exchange to the american , new york and philadelphia stock exchanges and to the chicago board options exchange . 
the decision , which UNKNOWN millions of dollars of trading positions , was made late yesterday because the pacific exchange 's options floor was shut down as a result of tuesday 's earthquake . 
the sec , faced with a major squeeze on options positions , said it was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow . 
sec chairman richard breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market . 
officials at the four exchanges said well over 99 traders from the pacific exchange were taking flights from san francisco late yesterday to the american , new york and philadelphia exchanges and to the cboe , where they would continue making markets in the UNKNOWN options . 
the big board said UNKNOWN quickly UNKNOWN a new options floor to UNKNOWN 99 traders from the pacific exchange . 
in addition , specialists on the exchanges agreed to provide backup capital for UNKNOWN in pacific exchange options traded on the exchanges . 
trading was light on the pacific stock exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in san francisco struggling to execute orders by UNKNOWN as a result of a continuing power UNKNOWN . 
the most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading . 
the pacific exchange has options for 999 underlying stock issues , including highly active UNKNOWN hotels corp. , which is listed on the big board . 
investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow . 
but professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for UNKNOWN even if it were to persist for several days . 
`` i 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the options clearing corp. , '' said michael schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at oppenheimer & co . 
the sec UNKNOWN trading in the options , however , to allow investors to do more than simply exercise the options . 
while the exchange 's equities floor in san francisco remained open on a limited basis , orders were being UNKNOWN and executed in los angeles . 
workers could UNKNOWN out , but they could n't receive telephone calls . 
`` it 's a very uncertain situation right now , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , administrative assistant of trading floor operations of the exchange , which has daily volume of about 99 million shares . 
because the exchange 's computer was UNKNOWN orders to the exchange 's trading operations in los angeles , `` business is as usual '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` if one city is down , the other can take over . '' 
meanwhile , the brokerage firms in san francisco were trying to cope . 
charles UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer of UNKNOWN & co. , said traders came to work at 9 a.m. UNKNOWN -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to UNKNOWN a required UNKNOWN by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there . 
that should happen by today , he said . 
traders worked with the help of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through windows , despite large cracks in the walls and a lack of UNKNOWN phone calls . 
also , most of the telecommunications equipment was out . 
the traders were UNKNOWN municipal bond , mutual fund and other orders through a UNKNOWN firm , UNKNOWN anthony inc. , which is also owned by john UNKNOWN freedom securities but is based in new york . 
`` we are having a regular day . 
volume is down out of san francisco , but not out of the 99 UNKNOWN offices , '' mr. UNKNOWN added . 
UNKNOWN 's oakland office executed orders through the sacramento office , which was n't affected by the quake . 
others , like prudential-bache securities inc. , which has eight offices in the san francisco area , set up an 999 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help . 
at kidder , peabody & co. 's sacramento branch , manager UNKNOWN white received calls yesterday morning from workers in san francisco who offered to work in sacramento . 
then she discovered that UNKNOWN systems inc. 's sacramento lines were down , because they are normally tied in through a system that goes through san francisco . 
so the kidder brokers had to call other company offices to get UNKNOWN on stocks . 
at UNKNOWN , the company 's national UNKNOWN center , which UNKNOWN into action for the first time last month for hurricane hugo , assembled a tactical team at 9 a.m. yesterday to begin UNKNOWN lines and restore service to brokers and traders . 
the company dispatched as many as 999 people in the san francisco area to do the work , though most of the UNKNOWN was done by computer . 
service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown san francisco , while just parts of oakland and san jose were knocked out . 
but dale UNKNOWN , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to UNKNOWN san francisco areas . 
in chicago yesterday , options clearing confirmed that it guarantees the pacific exchange options . 
the firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said wayne UNKNOWN , chairman of options clearing . 
( put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price ) . 
investors and traders in pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` we are seeing such UNKNOWN today , in fact . 
international business machines corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 9 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock . 
even as the stock market has generally done well this year , ibm 's shares have slipped steadily from its 99-week high of $ 999.999 . 
yesterday 's closing price of $ 999.99 , down 99 cents , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , puts the stock at about 9 9\/9 times book value , which is as low as it has UNKNOWN over the past decade . 
the announcement came after the market 's close . 
the move by ibm was n't exactly a surprise . 
the company has spent some $ 9 billion over the past 9 9\/9 years to buy back 99 million common shares , or roughly 9 % of those outstanding . 
in addition , despite ibm 's UNKNOWN recent problems , the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash . 
as of the end of the second quarter , it had $ 9.99 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand . 
as a result , some securities analysts had predicted in recent days that ibm would UNKNOWN additional purchases . 
in armonk , n.y. , a spokesman said that although ibm did n't view its spending as necessarily a way to support the stock , it thought the purchases were a good way to improve such financial measurements as per-share earnings and return on equity . 
`` we view it as a good long-term investment , '' the spokesman said . 
in the short term , the move is likely to have little effect . 
at yesterday 's closing price , $ 9 billion would buy back about 99 million shares , or less than 9 % of the roughly 999 million outstanding . 
in addition , as of sept. 99 , the company still had UNKNOWN to buy $ 999 million of stock under a prior repurchase program . 
over the long term , however , ibm 's stock UNKNOWN -- along with its hefty , $ UNKNOWN annual dividend and generally loyal following among large institutional investors -- are providing a floor for the stock price . 
although ibm last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began UNKNOWN as early as january . 
first , it had trouble manufacturing a chip for its mainframes , ibm 's UNKNOWN business . 
then it had a series of smaller UNKNOWN , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations . 
finally , ibm had to delay the introduction of some high-end disk drives , which account for 99 % of its $ 99 billion of annual revenue . 
none of the problems is necessarily UNKNOWN , and they are n't all necessarily even related . 
there are also other factors at work that are outside ibm 's control , such as currency exchange rates . 
the strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to UNKNOWN 99 to 99 cents off ibm 's per-share earnings for the full year . 
without that problem , ibm might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 9.99 billion , or $ 9.99 a share . 
still , investors will take some convincing before they get back into ibm 's stock in a big way . 
steve UNKNOWN , a securities analyst at first boston , said that while investors were looking for an excuse to buy ibm shares a year ago , even the big institutional investors are looking for a reason to avoid the stock these days . 
on wall street yesterday , northern california 's UNKNOWN earthquake was just another chance to make a buck . 
at the opening bell , investors quickly began UNKNOWN out shares of companies expected to profit or suffer in some way from the california disaster , including insurers , UNKNOWN companies , refiners and housing lenders . 
brokerage houses jumped in , UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN demand '' stocks , and kidder , peabody & co. set up a UNKNOWN hot line for san UNKNOWN who might need emergency investment advice and help in UNKNOWN funds . 
`` wall street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says tom UNKNOWN , a senior oppenheimer & co. trader . 
however , he added , such UNKNOWN trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information . 
the most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as general re corp. , which rose $ 9.99 to $ 99.99 , UNKNOWN re corp. , up $ 9 to $ 99.99 , american international group inc. , up $ 9.99 to $ 999.999 , and cigna corp. , up 99.9 cents to $ 99.99 . 
yesterday , the brokerage firm UNKNOWN & co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars . 
before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money . 
in fact , fireman 's fund corp. , which ended the day off 99 cents to $ 99.99 , said earthquake damage would slightly hurt fourth-quarter profit . 
on the prospect for UNKNOWN northern california , investors bid up UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. , up $ 9.99 to $ 99.99 , and lone star industries inc. , up $ 9.99 to $ 99.99 . 
bridge and road builders had a field day , including UNKNOWN corp. , up $ 9.999 to $ 9.999 , guy f. UNKNOWN co. , up 99.9 to $ 99.999 , and morrison UNKNOWN corp. , which reported higher third-quarter earnings yesterday , up $ 9.99 to $ 99.999 . 
UNKNOWN corp. , a construction engineering firm , gained 99 cents to $ 99.999 . 
but UNKNOWN stocks were a mixed bag . 
UNKNOWN stocks got a big boost . 
georgia pacific corp. , up $ 9.99 to $ 99 , and UNKNOWN inc. , up $ 9 to $ 99.99 , both reported strong profits . 
merrill lynch & co. UNKNOWN georgia-pacific , louisiana pacific corp. and UNKNOWN industries inc. as the best UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plays . 
other gainers were companies with one or more UNKNOWN california refineries . 
UNKNOWN corp. jumped $ 9.999 to $ 99.999 and chevron corp. , despite a temporary pipeline shutdown , rose $ 9 to $ 99 . 
meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value . 
wells fargo & co. fell 99 cents to $ 99.99 , and bankamerica corp. fell 99 cents to $ 99.999 . 
some california thrift stocks also fell , including golden west financial corp. and h.f. ahmanson & co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday . 
`` property values did n't go up in california yesterday , '' says one money manager . 
pacific gas & electric co. fell 99.9 cents to $ 99.999 . 
one of its power UNKNOWN was damaged , though the company said there wo n't be any financial impact . 
pacific telesis group lost 99.9 cents to $ 99.999 . 
a computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines . 
heavy construction , UNKNOWN insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the dow jones equity market index yesterday . 
friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here . 
petco options , an options trading firm owned by the family of the UNKNOWN former chicago board of trade chairman ralph peters , is getting out of the trade clearing , or processing and guaranteeing , business after UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN dollar loss friday , options industry officials said . 
nearly 99 options traders on the chicago board options exchange who cleared trades through petco , including a handful of traders who lost between $ 999,999 to $ 9 million themselves as a result of friday 's debacle , are trying to transfer their business to other clearing firms , cboe members said . 
timothy vincent , petco chief executive officer , confirmed that petco was UNKNOWN from the clearing business . 
`` the owners of the company got a look at the potential risks in this business , and after monday they felt they did n't want to be exposed any more , '' he said . 
he added that petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge friday and monday 's rebound . 
a cboe spokeswoman declined comment on petco . 
over the weekend UNKNOWN corp. , another options trading firm , transferred the clearing accounts of about 999 traders to first options of chicago , a unit of continental bank corp. , because it could n't meet regulatory capital requirements after friday 's market slide . 
the unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry 's desire not to have its credibility UNKNOWN by potentially widespread trading defaults on monday . 
the cboe , american stock exchange , options clearing corp. and stephen UNKNOWN , owner of UNKNOWN , joined in putting up $ 99 million to guarantee the accounts at first options . 
the head of another small options clearing firm , who asked not to be identified , said that the heightened volatility in the financial markets in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for any but the largest financial trading firms to shoulder the risk UNKNOWN in the highly leveraged options and futures business . 
prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 9999s , most trading firms UNKNOWN around the UNKNOWN street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next . 
most also were relatively UNKNOWN compared with the size of most wall street securities firms . 
mr. peters , a UNKNOWN street UNKNOWN among the UNKNOWN war ii generation of commodity traders , was rumored to have UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN fortune from commodity trading and other activities by the time he died in may . 
part of a series } 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in rural UNKNOWN county , n.j . 
but put her behind a shopping UNKNOWN and she turns UNKNOWN . 
if colgate toothpaste offers a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN coupon , she 'll cross UNKNOWN off her shopping list without a second thought . 
never mind that her husband prefers UNKNOWN . 
some weeks when her supermarket runs a UNKNOWN promotion , she boasts that she UNKNOWN $ 99 off her bill . 
money is n't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands . 
after she heard about the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN oils in many UNKNOWN , she dropped UNKNOWN farm and started buying brands free of such oils . 
`` i always thought UNKNOWN farm was UNKNOWN and high quality , '' mrs. UNKNOWN says . 
`` but i do n't want any of that oil for my UNKNOWN . '' 
( UNKNOWN farm says it ca n't tell exactly how many customers it has lost , but it hopes to remove the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN oil from all its products by year end . ) 
clearly , people like mrs. UNKNOWN are giving marketers fits . 
she represents a new breed of UNKNOWN consumer who puts bargain prices , UNKNOWN and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of UNKNOWN brand loyalty . 
while brand loyalty is far from dead , marketing experts say it has eroded during the 9999s . 
marketers themselves are partly to blame : they 've increased spending for coupons and other short-term promotions at the expense of UNKNOWN advertising . 
what 's more , a flood of new products has given consumers a UNKNOWN choice of brands , many of which are virtually carbon copies of one other . 
`` marketers have brought this on themselves with their heavy use '' of promotions , contends joe UNKNOWN , an executive vice president at the d'arcy UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN ad agency . 
`` without some real product improvements , it 's going to be difficult to win that loyalty back . '' 
the wall street journal 's `` american way of buying '' survey this year found that most consumers switch brands for many of the products they use . 
for the survey , peter d. hart research associates asked some 9,999 consumers , including mrs. UNKNOWN , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
more than half the users of 99 of the 99 products included in the survey said they 're brand UNKNOWN . 
overall , 99 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 99 product categories . 
about 99 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
only 9 % are brand loyal in 99 to 99 of the categories , and no one is loyal for more than 99 types of products . 
for such products as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN shoes , UNKNOWN to a single brand was quite low , with fewer than 99 % saying they usually buy the same brand . 
only for cigarettes , UNKNOWN and toothpaste did more than 99 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand . 
people tend to be most loyal to brands that have UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , such as cigarettes and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN in the journal survey from UNKNOWN , wash. , says her husband is UNKNOWN about eating only hunt 's UNKNOWN . 
he simply ca n't UNKNOWN the taste of UNKNOWN , she says . 
the 99-year-old UNKNOWN adds , `` the only other thing i 'm really loyal to is my virginia UNKNOWN cigarettes . 
coke and pepsi are all the same to me , and i usually buy UNKNOWN brand of coffee happens to be on sale . '' 
brand UNKNOWN plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , UNKNOWN and beer . 
people often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising UNKNOWN , whether that 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cigarettes or UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
loyalty UNKNOWN most for UNKNOWN products like trash bags and UNKNOWN . 
only 99 % of UNKNOWN users in the journal survey usually buy the same brand , and just 99 % of battery buyers stick to one brand . 
underwear UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN 99 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a UNKNOWN product . 
`` in the past , you just wore fruit of the UNKNOWN and did n't care , '' says peter kim , u.s. director of consumer behavior research for the j. walter thompson ad agency . 
`` the high score reflects the attempts to make underwear more of a fashion image business for both men and women . '' 
he believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty . 
what loyalty there is to gas brands , he believes , is a matter of UNKNOWN at the most UNKNOWN located service stations . 
brand loyalty was stronger among older consumers in the journal survey . 
nearly UNKNOWN of participants age 99 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 99 of the 99 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 99 to 99 have such strong UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the journal survey and other research studies indicate . 
marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price . 
an established brand name is insurance that at least the product will be of acceptable quality , if not always the best value for the money . 
it 's sort of loyalty by default . 
meanwhile , `` the bottom end of the market is becoming less loyal , '' says UNKNOWN cutler , vice chairman of the ad agency UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN katz partners . 
`` they 're buying whatever 's cheaper . '' 
the biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game : how those UNKNOWN pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will UNKNOWN as they move into middle age . 
they grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less UNKNOWN so far . 
but now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ? 
mr. kim of j. walter thompson does n't think so . 
he believes baby boomers will continue to be selective in their brand UNKNOWN . 
`` earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and UNKNOWN water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . '' 
while not as brand loyal as in the past , consumers today do n't buy products UNKNOWN , either . 
rather , they tend to have a set of two or three UNKNOWN . 
sometimes , they 'll choose UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; other times , it will be UNKNOWN . 
advertisers attribute this shared loyalty to the striking UNKNOWN among brands . 
if a more UNKNOWN UNKNOWN hits the market , you can be sure a new and improved UNKNOWN wo n't be far behind . 
the UNKNOWN worldwide ad agency studied `` brand UNKNOWN '' and found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly credit cards , paper UNKNOWN , dry UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN chips . 
`` when there 's a clutter of brands , consumers UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN by telling themselves , ` all brands are the same so what difference does it make which i buy , ' '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a senior vice president at UNKNOWN . 
`` too often , advertising UNKNOWN has n't done a good job of UNKNOWN a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . '' 
but given such strong brand UNKNOWN , some marketers are putting renewed emphasis on image advertising . 
a small but growing number of companies are also trying to UNKNOWN more UNKNOWN brand loyalty through such UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN , magazines and membership UNKNOWN for brand users . 
while discount promotions are essential for most brands , some companies concede they went UNKNOWN in shifting money from advertising to coupons , refunds and other sales incentives . 
some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the UNKNOWN impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years . 
but most companies are too afraid to take that chance . 
and perhaps with good reason . 
says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of the d'arcy UNKNOWN ad agency 's u.s. division , `` every time 99 hours pass without any advertising reinforcement , brand loyalty will UNKNOWN ever so slightly -- even for a powerful brand like UNKNOWN . '' 
consider , for example , what happened to maxwell house coffee . 
the kraft general foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 9999 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business . 
but since returning to advertising , maxwell house has UNKNOWN the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival UNKNOWN . 
`` now , philip morris { kraft general foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for maxwell house , '' says dick UNKNOWN , president of the general foods usa division . 
`` even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee , we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it . '' 
campbell soup co. , for one , has concluded that it makes good sense to focus more on its most loyal customers than on people who buy competitive brands . 
`` the probability of converting a UNKNOWN to your brand is about three in 9,999 , '' says tony adams , the company 's vice president for marketing research . 
`` the best odds are with your core franchise . 
our heavy users UNKNOWN two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . '' 
so campbell is talking to its `` brand UNKNOWN , '' UNKNOWN their psychological UNKNOWN to its soup . 
in one consumer focus group , a UNKNOWN declared that , `` campbell 's soup is like getting a UNKNOWN from a friend . '' 
that helped persuade the company to introduce a new advertising UNKNOWN : `` a warm UNKNOWN from campbell 's . '' 
insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's california earthquake . 
getting a UNKNOWN on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after hurricane hugo UNKNOWN through the caribbean and the UNKNOWN last month . 
the earthquake 's toll , including possible deep structural damage , goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane , says george UNKNOWN , a vice president in aetna life & casualty insurance co. 's claims division . 
but investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense UNKNOWN wars among business insurers . 
reflecting that logic , UNKNOWN stocks posted strong gains . 
aetna and other insurers are hiring engineers and architects to help them assess structural damage . 
most insurers already have UNKNOWN their `` catastrophe '' teams to begin processing claims from their policyholders in northern california . 
since commercial air travel is UNKNOWN , aetna , based in hartford , conn. , chartered three planes to fly claims adjusters into sacramento and then planned for them to drive to the bay area . 
about 99 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and UNKNOWN checks . 
some adjusters , already in other parts of california , drove to the disaster area with UNKNOWN vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN centers . 
insurers will be advertising 999 numbers -- probably on the radio -- that policyholders can call to get assistance on how to submit claims . 
state farm mutual automobile insurance co. , the largest home and auto insurer in california , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 999 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from hurricane hugo . 
state farm , based in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , is also the largest writer of UNKNOWN earthquake insurance in california . 
earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy or a specific UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' on a UNKNOWN 's policy in california , because of the area 's UNKNOWN to earthquakes . 
state farm said about 99 % of its policyholders in california have also purchased earthquake insurance . 
UNKNOWN insurance co. , a unit of sears , roebuck & co. , said about 99 % of its personal property policyholders -- about 99 % in the san UNKNOWN area -- also have earthquake coverage . 
the association of california insurance companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 999 million , but only $ 999 million to $ 999 million is insured , it said . 
officials from the american insurance association 's UNKNOWN service division , which UNKNOWN the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to san francisco today . 
they expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two . 
roads and bridges in the bay area appear to have suffered some of the most costly damage . 
highways , such as the section of interstate 999 that collapsed in oakland , generally do n't have insurance coverage . 
industry officials say the bay bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of UNKNOWN it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds . 
however , the bridge , which charges a $ 9 toll each way , does have `` loss of income '' insurance to replace lost revenue if the operation of the bridge is UNKNOWN for more than seven days . 
that coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including fireman 's fund corp. , based in UNKNOWN , calif. , and cigna corp. , based in philadelphia . 
earthquake-related claims are n't expected to cause significant financial problems for the insurance industry as a whole . 
instead , even with the liabilities of two natural disasters in recent weeks , analysts said the total capital of the industry is likely to be higher at year end than it was at UNKNOWN . 
indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways . 
for example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to UNKNOWN by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy . 
such increased demand for reinsurance , along with the losses the UNKNOWN will bear from these two disasters , are likely to spur increases in reinsurance prices that will later be translated into an overall price rise . 
reinsurance is protection taken out by the insurance firms themselves . 
`` we are saying this is the breaking point , this is the event that will change the psychology of the marketplace , '' said william UNKNOWN , an analyst with UNKNOWN & co. , a hartford firm that specializes in the insurance industry . 
his firm , along with some others , issued new buy recommendations on insurer stocks yesterday . 
among the insurance stocks , big gainers included american international group , up $ 9.99 to $ 999.999 ; general re corp. , up $ 9.99 to $ 99.99 ; aetna , up $ 9.999 to $ 99.99 ; and UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN inc. , up $ 9.999 to $ 99.999 . 
still , a few individual companies , most likely smaller ones , could be UNKNOWN . 
`` i think there is a UNKNOWN good chance someone is going to hit the UNKNOWN on this , '' said oppenheimer & co. analyst UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he suspects some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to UNKNOWN will discover that reinsurance was used up by hurricane hugo . 
british , west german , UNKNOWN and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the san francisco earthquake disaster . 
although it 's unclear how much exposure the london market will face , u.k. underwriters traditionally have a large reinsurance exposure to u.s. catastrophe coverage . 
jack byrne , chairman of fireman 's fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar . 
the catastrophe losses sustained by insurers this year will probably be the worst on an inflation-adjusted basis since 9999 -- when another earthquake sparked the great san francisco fire . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an insurance consultant in new york , estimates that the 9999 san francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 9.9 billion . 
he is UNKNOWN this week 's disaster will generate insured losses of $ 9 billion to $ 9 billion , following about $ 9 billion in costs to insurers from hurricane hugo . 
silicon graphics inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 9 million , or six cents a share , a year ago . 
the maker of computer workstations said a surge of government orders contributed to the increase . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million the year earlier . 
in national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 99.99 a share , down 99 cents . 
UNKNOWN environmental services inc. said it reached a preliminary accord on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 99 million and assumption of related debt . 
the buyer was n't identified . 
the company said it also is making progress in negotiating the buy-out of its design division by management . 
in addition , UNKNOWN said it will use proceeds from a private UNKNOWN of $ 9 million of preferred shares to purchase an interest in a start-up company to underwrite environmental UNKNOWN insurance . 
UNKNOWN wants to concentrate its resources on the insurance business and on a project to store hazardous UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
jaguar plc 's chairman said he hopes to reach a friendly pact with general motors corp. within a month that may involve the british luxury-car maker 's producing a cheaper executive model . 
sir john UNKNOWN told reporters at london 's UNKNOWN yesterday he `` would be disappointed if we could n't do { the deal } within a month . '' 
he said the UNKNOWN would mean jaguar could `` develop cars down range { in price } from where we are '' by offering access to gm 's UNKNOWN parts production . 
besides creating joint manufacturing ventures , the accord is expected to give gm about a 99 % stake that eventually would rise to about 99 % . 
jaguar figures a friendly alliance with gm will fend off unwelcome advances from ford motor co . 
but ford , jaguar 's biggest shareholder since UNKNOWN its stake to 99.9 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with sir john . 
`` we 're getting to the point where we are going to have to meet '' with him , one ford official said yesterday . 
ford probably will renew its request for such a meeting soon , he added . 
sir john has UNKNOWN ford 's advances since the u.s. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 99 % of jaguar last month . 
ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later . 
`` i 'm not UNKNOWN to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the jaguar chairman asserted yesterday . 
he did n't rule out negotiations with ford , however . 
the fiercely proud but financially strapped british company prefers to remain independent and publicly held , despite ford 's promise of access to cash and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
sir john noted that gm , a longtime jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . '' 
he said jaguar started negotiating with gm and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest `` dropped by the UNKNOWN ever since the share price went above # 9 ( $ 9.99 ) a share . '' 
jaguar shares stood at 999 pence before ford 's initial announcement , but the subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up . 
the stock traded late yesterday on london 's stock exchange at 999 pence , up 99 pence . 
developing an UNKNOWN range would mark a major departure for britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
a typical british executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car . 
it generally UNKNOWN no more than # 99,999 ( $ 99,999 ) -- roughly # 99,999 less than the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which are all known for their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN work . 
`` we have designs for such { executive } cars , but have never been able to develop them , '' sir john said . 
gm 's help would `` make it possible { for jaguar } to build a wider range of cars . '' 
an executive model would significantly boost jaguar 's yearly output of 99,999 cars . 
`` you are talking about a couple hundred thousand a year , '' said bob barber , an UNKNOWN analyst at u.k. brokerage james capel & co . 
a pact with gm may emerge in as little as two weeks , according to sources close to the talks . 
the deal would require approval by a majority of jaguar shareholders . 
`` we have to make it attractive enough that { holders } would accept it , '' sir john said . 
that may be difficult , the jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck . 
'' ford probably would try to kill the proposal by UNKNOWN support from u.s. takeover-stock speculators and holding out the UNKNOWN of a larger bid later , said stephen UNKNOWN , european auto analyst at london brokers UNKNOWN phillips & drew . 
ford ca n't make a UNKNOWN bid for jaguar until u.k. government restrictions expire . 
the UNKNOWN measure UNKNOWN any outside investor from buying more than 99 % of jaguar shares without permission until dec. 99 , 9999 . 
but with its 99.9 % stake , ford can UNKNOWN a special jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge them to drop the restrictions UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's a very valuable weapon in their UNKNOWN , '' which could enable ford to bid sooner for jaguar , observed mr. barber of james capel . 
otherwise , jaguar may have to UNKNOWN the two u.s. auto giants each owning a 99 % stake for more than a year . 
`` it would be difficult to see how a car company can be owned by a UNKNOWN , '' sir john said . 
`` it has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
although two baby bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and UNKNOWN business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop . 
UNKNOWN corp. 's earnings increased 9.9 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its midwest territory . 
bellsouth corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 9.9 % as a result of debt refinancing , the recent acquisition of a cellular and UNKNOWN property and rate reductions in its southeast territory . 
bellsouth 
at bellsouth , based in atlanta , customer access lines grew by 999,999 , or 9.9 % , during the 99-month period ended UNKNOWN . 
for the third quarter , total operating revenue grew 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
total operating expenses increased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
overall access minutes of use increased 99.9 % and toll messages jumped 9.9 % . 
bellsouth chairman and chief executive officer john l. UNKNOWN said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings . 
the refinancing of $ 999 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 99 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 999 million in interest costs . 
the company previously said that the recent acquisition of mobile communications corp. of america would UNKNOWN 9999 earnings by about 9 % . 
in addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in florida , kentucky , UNKNOWN , tennessee and louisiana . 
UNKNOWN 
at UNKNOWN , based in chicago , customer access lines increased by 999,999 , or 9.9 % , and cellular mobile lines increased by 99,999 , or 99.9 % , for the 99-month period ended sept. 99 . 
for the third quarter , revenue increased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
operating expenses increased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion , including one-time pretax charges of $ 99 million for labor contract signing bonuses . 
local service revenue increased 9.9 % and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN business revenue jumped 9.9 % . 
but network access revenue dropped 9 % and toll revenue dropped 9.9 % . 
a - reflects 9-for-9 stock split effective dec. 99 , 9999 . 
b - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share for early debt retirement . 
c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 99 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change . 
the wall street journal `` american way of buying '' survey consists of two separate , UNKNOWN nationwide polls conducted for the journal by peter d. hart research associates and the roper organization . 
the two UNKNOWN , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability UNKNOWN . 
the poll conducted by peter d. hart research associates interviewed 9,999 adults age 99 and older from june 99 to june 99 , 9999 . 
the poll conducted by the roper organization interviewed 9,999 adults age 99 and older from july 9 to july 99 , 9999 . 
responses were weighted on the basis of age and UNKNOWN to conform with u.s. census data . 
for each poll , the odds are 99 out of 99 that if UNKNOWN had sought to survey every household in the u.s. using the same UNKNOWN , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 9 9\/9 percentage points in either direction . 
the margin of error for UNKNOWN -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
in addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question UNKNOWN could introduce errors into the findings . 
program traders were buying and selling at full steam monday , the first trading session after the stock market 's 999.99-point plunge friday . 
they accounted for a hefty 99 % of new york stock exchange volume monday , the fourth busiest session ever . 
on friday , 99 % of volume was in computer-guided program trades . 
in august , by contrast , program trading averaged 99.9 % of daily big board turnover . 
program traders were publicly UNKNOWN following the 999-point crash oct. 99 , 9999 , and a number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while . 
but as the UNKNOWN faded by the spring of 9999 , they resumed . 
some observers thought that after friday 's sharp drop , the firms would rein in their program traders to avoid UNKNOWN more controversy . 
but the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
one reason , they said , was that the official reports on the 9999 crash UNKNOWN program trading as a cause . 
stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it UNKNOWN market moves , if not actually causing them . 
in it , traders buy or sell stocks and offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from UNKNOWN price discrepancies . 
under the exchange 's UNKNOWN , program trading also describes a number of other strategies that , in the opinion of some traders , do n't cause big swings in the market . 
the big board 's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual . 
though it UNKNOWN such data daily , its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends . 
the september figures are due to be released this week . 
the big board declined to name the wall street firms involved in the activity friday and monday , or the type of strategies used . 
but traders on the exchange floor , who can UNKNOWN the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
through august , the top five program trading firms in volume were morgan stanley & co. , kidder , peabody & co. , merrill lynch & co. , painewebber group inc. and salomon brothers inc . 
though brokerage officials defended their use of program trading , one sign of what an issue it remains was that few executives would comment on the record . 
besides UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN for program trading contained in the brady commission report , they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed monday to restore the markets ' UNKNOWN . 
on friday , the stock-index futures market was UNKNOWN from the stock market when the chicago mercantile exchange halted trading in standard & poor 's 999 futures contract -- a `` circuit breaker '' procedure UNKNOWN after the 9999 crash and implemented for the first time . 
futures trading resumed a half-hour later , but the session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs , traders said . 
by monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped UNKNOWN the link between stocks and futures . 
but UNKNOWN volatility was produced in the process . 
the dow jones industrial average plunged a UNKNOWN 99.99 points in the first 99 minutes of trading monday as stock-index arbitrage sell programs kicked in . 
at about 99:99 a.m. edt , the market abruptly turned upward on stock-index arbitrage buy programs . 
by day 's end , the dow industrials had rebounded 99.99 points , or nearly half of friday 's drop . 
frederick 's of hollywood inc. , los angeles , said its board voted a 99 % increase in the specialty UNKNOWN operator 's semiannual dividend , to five cents a common share . 
the dividend is payable dec. 99 to stock of record nov. 99 . 
valley national corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its arizona real estate holdings . 
the UNKNOWN holding company for arizona 's largest bank said it added $ 999 million to its UNKNOWN for losses on loans and for real estate owned . 
the company earned $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
for the nine months , valley national posted a net loss of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
it had profit of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the 9999 period . 
valley national had been paying a quarterly dividend of 99 cents a share . 
`` the arizona real estate market continues to be depressed , and there is still uncertainty as to when values will recover , '' james p. simmons , chairman , said . 
the decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is `` both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , '' he said . 
valley national said it made the decision on the basis of an `` overall assessment of the marketplace '' and the condition of its loan portfolio and after reviewing it with federal regulators . 
the addition to reserves comes on top of a provision of $ 999.9 million that was announced in june . 
in july , moody 's downgraded $ 999 million of the company 's debt , saying the bank holding company had n't taken adequate write-offs against potential losses on real estate loans despite its second-quarter write-down . 
richard m. UNKNOWN , valley national 's executive vice president , said then that the company believed the write-downs were `` adequate '' and did n't plan to increase its reserves again . 
bruce UNKNOWN , a banking analyst with UNKNOWN & co. , a denver brokerage firm , said valley national `` is n't out of the UNKNOWN yet . '' 
the key will be whether arizona real estate turns around or at least UNKNOWN , he said . 
`` they 've stepped up to the UNKNOWN to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
valley national closed yesterday at $ 99.99 a share , down $ 9 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
two years of UNKNOWN , down the drain . 
that 's the way a lot of brokers feel today on the second anniversary of the 9999 stock-market crash . 
ever since that fearful black monday , they 've been UNKNOWN UNKNOWN wary individual investors -- trying to convince them that oct. 99 , 9999 , was a UNKNOWN and that the stock market really is a safe place for average americans to put their UNKNOWN dollars . 
and until last friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off . 
`` some of those folks were coming back , '' says UNKNOWN quick jr. , chairman , of discount brokers quick & UNKNOWN group inc . 
`` we had heard from people who had n't been active '' for a long time . 
then came the UNKNOWN 999-point plunge in the dow jones industrial average and a new wave of stock-market volatility . 
all of a sudden , it was back to square one . 
`` it 's going to set things back for a period , because it UNKNOWN the concern of volatility , '' says jeffrey b. lane , president of shearson lehman hutton inc . 
`` i think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence . '' 
brokers around the country say the reaction from individual investors this week has been almost UNKNOWN . 
customers and potential customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way they did in UNKNOWN 9999 . 
`` the kinds of questions you had before have UNKNOWN , '' says raymond a. `` chip '' mason , chairman of regional brokerage firm UNKNOWN mason inc. , baltimore . 
`` i can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` what 's going on ? , ' ` ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` where is the sec on this ? ' '' 
mr. mason says he 's convinced the public still wants to invest in common stocks , even though they believe the deck is UNKNOWN against them . 
but `` these wide swings scare them to death . '' 
all of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as shearson and merrill lynch & co. that have big `` retail , '' or UNKNOWN , businesses . 
after expanding rapidly during the UNKNOWN years up to the 9999 crash , retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead . 
true , the amount of money investors are willing to UNKNOWN to their brokers has been growing lately . 
but those dollars have been going into such `` safe '' products as money market funds , which do n't generate much in the way of commissions for the brokerage firms . 
at discount brokerage charles schwab & co. , such `` UNKNOWN '' investments recently accounted for a record $ 9 billion of the firm 's $ 99 billion of client 's assets . 
the brokers ' hope has been that they could soon UNKNOWN investors into shifting some of their UNKNOWN into the stock market . 
and before last friday , they were actually making modest progress . 
a slightly higher percentage of new york stock exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with UNKNOWN 9999 , according to securities industry association data . 
in 9999 , an average 99.9 % of big board volume was retail business , with the monthly level never more than 99.9 % . 
the retail participation dropped to an average 99.9 % in 9999 , and UNKNOWN to barely 99 % some months during the year . 
yet in 9999 , retail participation has been more than 99 % in every month , and was 99.9 % in august , the latest month for which figures are available . 
jeffrey UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN 's research director , says that all of his group 's UNKNOWN statistics could be UNKNOWN by as much as five percentage points because corporate UNKNOWN are sometimes UNKNOWN included in big board data . 
but there did seem to be a retail activity pickup . 
but `` friday did n't help things , '' says mr. UNKNOWN . 
with the gyrations of recent days , says hugo UNKNOWN , senior vice president at charles schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . '' 
joseph UNKNOWN , president of retail sales and marketing at painewebber group inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market . 
investors will develop `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' and their confidence will return , he says . 
friday 's plunge , he is telling painewebber brokers , was nothing more than a `` tremendous reaction to leveraged buy-out stocks . '' 
meanwhile , painewebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving wall street their money . 
`` it 's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets , rather than push the investor to move into ( specific ) products such as equities , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` the equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there 's a UNKNOWN of confidence . '' 
it could be a long wait , say some industry observers . 
`` some investors will UNKNOWN back in , '' says richard ross , a market research director for UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN in chicago . 
`` then there 'll be another swing . 
given enough of these , this will drive everyone out except the most UNKNOWN , '' he adds . 
mr. ross , who has been studying retail investors ' perception of risks in the brokerage industry , said a market plunge like friday 's `` UNKNOWN investors ' confidence in their ability to make any judgments on the market . '' 
the long-term outlook for the retail brokerage business is `` UNKNOWN , '' mr. ross declares . 
the following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
washington , d.c. -- 
$ 999 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes , series 9999 , due sept. 99 , 9999 . 
about $ 999 million were offered through shearson lehman hutton inc . 
shearson is offering the notes as 9 9\/9 % securities priced to yield 9.99 % . 
UNKNOWN morgan securities inc. is offering the remaining $ 99 million of notes . 
the notes are rated UNKNOWN by moody 's investors service inc . 
standard & poor 's corp. has them under review . 
federal national mortgage association -- 
$ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered in 99 classes by bear , stearns & co . 
the offering , series 9999-99 , is backed by fannie mae 9 % securities . 
the offering used UNKNOWN pricing . 
separately , fannie mae issued $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities in 99 classes through first boston corp . 
the offering , series 9999-99 , is backed by fannie mae 9 % securities . 
pricing details were n't available . 
the two offerings bring fannie mae 's 9999 remic issuance to $ 99 billion and its total volume to $ 99.9 billion since the program began in april 9999 . 
UNKNOWN per UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( italy ) -- 
$ 999 million of 9 % depository receipts due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999.99 to yield 9.99 % less fees , via bankers trust international ltd . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
mitsubishi corp . finance ( japanese parent ) -- 
$ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % annually less full fees , via yamaichi international ( europe ) ltd . 
fees 9 9\/9 . 
indian oil corp . ( india ) -- 
$ 999 million of UNKNOWN notes due november 9999 , paying six-month london interbank offered rate plus 9\/99 point and priced at par via credit UNKNOWN first boston ltd . 
guaranteed by india . 
fees 9.99 . 
notes offered at a fixed level of 99.99 . 
national UNKNOWN bank plc ( u.k. ) -- 
# 999 million of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN notes priced at par via UNKNOWN lynch international ltd . 
initial interest rate set at 9.999 point over three-month libor . 
subsequent margins set by agreement between natwest and merrill . 
if no margin agreed , there is a UNKNOWN rate of libor plus 9.99 point in years one to 99 , and libor plus 9.99 point thereafter . 
UNKNOWN electric express UNKNOWN co . ( japan ) -- 
$ 999 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 % coupon at par via yamaichi international ( europe ) ltd . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from dec. 9 , 9999 , through nov. 9 , 9999 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN co . ( japan ) -- 
999 million swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due march 99 , 9999 , with an indicated 9.99 % coupon at par , via bank UNKNOWN ltd . 
put option on march 99 , 9999 , at an indicated 999 to yield 9.999 % . 
callable on march 99 , 9999 , at 999 , also beginning sept. 99 , 9999 , from 999 9\/9 and declining half a point UNKNOWN to par . 
each 99,999 swiss franc note is convertible from nov. 99 , 9999 , to march 99 , 9999 , at an indicated 9 % premium over the closing share price oct. 99 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
n. nomura & co . ( japan ) -- 
99 million swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due march 99 , 9999 , with an indicated 9.9 % coupon at par , via bank UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
put option on march 99 , 9999 , at an indicated 999 9\/9 to yield 9.999 % . 
each 99,999 swiss franc note is convertible from nov. 99 , 9999 , to march 99 , 9999 , at a 9 % premium over the closing share price oct. 99 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . ( netherlands ) -- 
999 million dutch UNKNOWN of 9 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 99 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 9.99 % at issue price and 9.99 % less full fees , via UNKNOWN bank . 
fees 9 . 
continental airlines -- 
a UNKNOWN , $ 99 million issue of secured equipment certificates priced through drexel burnham lambert inc . 
the size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 99.9 million . 
in addition , a planned UNKNOWN offering of $ 99 million in unsecured notes was n't offered . 
the first part , consisting of $ 9.9 million of 99 9\/9 % secured equipment certificates due june 99 , 9999 , was priced at 99.999 with a yield to maturity of 99.99 % . 
the second part , consisting of $ 99 million of 99 9\/9 % secured equipment certificates due june 99 , 9999 , was priced at 99.999 with a yield to maturity of 99.99 % . 
the third part , consisting of $ 99.9 million of 99 9\/9 % secured equipment certificates due april 99 , 9999 , was priced at 99.99 with a yield to maturity of 99.99 % . 
the fourth part , consisting of $ 99 million of 99 9\/9 % secured equipment certificates due april 99 , 9999 , was priced at 99.999 with a yield to maturity of 99.99 % . 
the issue was rated UNKNOWN by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p . 
all parts of the issue are callable at any time at par . 
continental airlines is a unit of texas air corp . 
john v. holmes , an UNKNOWN publisher , and three UNKNOWN firms he organized were UNKNOWN from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies . 
as part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the securities and exchange commission , a UNKNOWN was also appointed for the three UNKNOWN firms . 
mr. holmes was the subject of a page one profile in the wall street journal in 9999 , after the sec questioned him about ties between him and companies he UNKNOWN in a newsletter . 
in 9999 , in another consent agreement with the sec , mr. holmes was UNKNOWN from violating the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN provisions of the securities laws . 
without any admission or UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN by mr. holmes , that agreement settled sec charges that mr. holmes sold UNKNOWN securities and UNKNOWN investors . 
in charges filed last week in federal district court in charlotte , n.c. , the sec alleged that venture UNKNOWN inc. , venture finance corp. and new ventures fund inc. , all of charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents . 
the sec also charged that mr. holmes acted as an officer or director of new ventures , in violation of his previous consent agreement . 
`` some companies were UNKNOWN in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , '' mr. holmes said . 
two of mr. holmes 's business associates who worked for venture UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN ann smith and frederick UNKNOWN , also consented to being UNKNOWN from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws . 
ms. smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or UNKNOWN certificate company . 
mr. UNKNOWN and ms. smith could n't be reached for comment . 
in UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN , none of the individuals or companies admitted or denied the allegations . 
senate republicans have settled on a proposal that would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations . 
at the same time , a small group of senate democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon . 
sen. bob packwood ( r. , ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the gop proposal , said he intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit . 
he gave UNKNOWN odds that a capital-gains tax cut of some sort would be approved this year , though it probably wo n't be included in the pending deficit-reduction bill . 
he added that he expects to talk to the democrats who also wanted to cut the gains tax about UNKNOWN a joint proposal . 
for individuals , the packwood plan would exclude from income 9 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
the exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 99 % . 
the exclusion would apply to assets sold after oct. 9 , 9999 . 
as an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
for corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 99 % from the current top rate of 99 % . 
that rate would gradually decline to as little as 99 % for corporate assets held for 99 years . 
the packwood plan would also include a proposal , designed by sen. william roth ( r. , UNKNOWN ) , that would expand and alter the deduction for individual retirement accounts . 
the roth plan would create a new , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses . 
current iras could be rolled over into the new iras but would be subject to tax . 
for their part , the group of democrats are working on a plan that , like the packwood proposal , would grant larger UNKNOWN to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies . 
newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held . 
an extra exclusion would be given to UNKNOWN stock in small and UNKNOWN corporations just starting up . 
no one in the senate is considering the capital-gains plan passed by the house . 
that plan would provide a 99 % exclusion to assets sold over a 9 9 / 9-year period ending dec. 99 , 9999 . 
after then , the house measure would boost the tax rate to 99 % and exclude from tax the gain UNKNOWN to inflation . 
senators are focusing on making a capital-gains UNKNOWN permanent . 
separately , chairman dan UNKNOWN ( d. , ill . ) of the house ways and means committee said he did n't want the capital-gains tax cut or any other amendments attached to the pending bill raising the federal borrowing limit . 
the current debt limit expires oct. 99 . 
he also urged house and senate negotiators to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the house-passed capital-gains provision . 
from a UNKNOWN a thousand feet above oakland after the UNKNOWN earthquake in u.s. history , a scene of devastation UNKNOWN : a freeway UNKNOWN into a concrete UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN pumping water into UNKNOWN apartments , abandoned autos . 
but this quake was n't the big one , the UNKNOWN of 9999 that has been feared for so many years . 
despite the UNKNOWN loss of more than 999 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the bay area were n't greatly affected . 
the economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two , although some transportation problems may last weeks or months . 
a main factor UNKNOWN more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 99 miles from the heart of the silicon valley and more than 99 miles from downtown san francisco and oakland . 
also , the region 's insistence on strict building codes helped prevent wider damage . 
the tremendous energy of the quake was UNKNOWN by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN . 
of course , the quake was the worst since the UNKNOWN of the computer era turned silicon valley into the nation 's capital of high technology . 
like other major american cities , the san francisco -- oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN thousands of computer terminals and UNKNOWN than to its location UNKNOWN one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
when the tremors struck , the region 's largely UNKNOWN high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air . 
michael l. UNKNOWN , vice president for network technology at pacific bell telephone co. , says nearly all the network 's computer switches , which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another , changed to battery power when the city lost power . 
the battery UNKNOWN have enough power for only three hours , but that gave emergency crews time to turn on an emergency system that runs primarily on UNKNOWN fuel . 
of some 999 switches in pacific bell 's network , only four went down . 
one of those was in UNKNOWN , calif. , near the earthquake 's epicenter . 
few telephone lines snapped . 
that 's because the widely used UNKNOWN cable has been installed UNKNOWN with 99 extra feet of cable between UNKNOWN points . 
the slack UNKNOWN the pulling strain generated by an earthquake . 
nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of san francisco remained without power . 
business in the nation 's UNKNOWN metropolitan region was nearly UNKNOWN ; an estimated one million members of the work force stayed at home . 
the economic UNKNOWN was as UNKNOWN as the earthquake itself , as virtually all businesses shut down . 
the $ UNKNOWN bay area economy represents UNKNOWN of the economy of the nation 's most UNKNOWN state and accounts for 9 % to 9 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the center for continuing study of the california economy in palo alto . 
in high-tech , the bay area accounts for 99 % to 99 % of the u.s. UNKNOWN industry . 
`` this has been a major disruption for the bay area economy , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the chief economist at the california department of finance . 
`` obviously , things are going to have to go on hold for many companies . '' 
the damage to the bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic UNKNOWN . 
a quarter of a million people cross the bay bridge every day , far more than the 999,999 that use the bay area rapid transit system ( bart ) -- which was working but was n't UNKNOWN in the city 's financial district yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being UNKNOWN for gas UNKNOWN . 
california state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the bay area . 
all major roadways except interstate 999 , known as the nimitz freeway , and the bay bridge were open by 9 p.m. yesterday . 
officials expect difficulty UNKNOWN traffic through downtown san francisco . 
the earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack , making them UNKNOWN . 
other roads were UNKNOWN by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
san francisco mayor art agnos estimated the damage to his city alone at $ 9 billion . 
but many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived . 
of the scores of companies UNKNOWN by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have UNKNOWN within a day or two . 
it is possible , of course , that some of the most seriously damaged companies could n't be reached , particularly in areas UNKNOWN the epicenter . 
typical , perhaps , was the situation at new united motor manufacturing inc. , the general motors UNKNOWN joint-venture auto plant in UNKNOWN , about 99 miles south of oakland . 
UNKNOWN of the plant 's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift ; seven were UNKNOWN . 
metal UNKNOWN on the plant floor fell over , and water UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a spokeswoman says . 
the plant was UNKNOWN and workers sent home . 
but the plant was able to resume limited production of its toyota UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by 9 a.m. yesterday , and UNKNOWN was only 9 % of the work force , about twice normal . 
computer maker hewlett-packard co. , based in palo alto , says one of its buildings sustained severe damage when it was knocked off its foundation . 
other buildings had broken glass , UNKNOWN light UNKNOWN and broken UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN says , UNKNOWN the cost of UNKNOWN `` in the millions . '' 
most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated . 
at the federal reserve bank of san francisco , vice president robert UNKNOWN says operations were `` UNKNOWN along as usual '' yesterday afternoon . 
` when the quake hit , we turned on our emergency UNKNOWN and brought our computers up , '' he says . 
the fed serves as a UNKNOWN for banks , taking checks from one bank and sending them to another , an operation that it handled smoothly tuesday night after the quake . 
`` the volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual , '' he says . 
a UNKNOWN plan in which the los angeles fed would come to san francisco 's aid was n't needed , he adds . 
most of the telephone problems in the immediate aftermath stemmed from UNKNOWN . 
the telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time . 
the volume resulted in UNKNOWN delays that were as short as 99 seconds and as long as five minutes . 
mr. UNKNOWN puts traffic volume at 99 to 99 times normal . 
american telephone & telegraph co. , mci communications inc. and united telecommunications ' u s UNKNOWN unit were blocking phone calls into the bay area to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the companies block traffic much as highway UNKNOWN are blocked when traffic backs up . 
william e. UNKNOWN , pacific bell 's vice president of customer services for the bay area , says most long-distance companies were blocking about 99 % of all calls . 
pacific telesis says its pacific bell unit also was blocking about 99 % of its calls locally . 
ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product . 
it may also lead to new UNKNOWN in major construction projects such as UNKNOWN highways . 
`` it would in the near-term give a boost to the san francisco economy because there will be an UNKNOWN of people to help , '' says UNKNOWN burnham UNKNOWN , a regional economist at UNKNOWN / mcgraw hill , a lexington , mass. , forecasting firm . 
the construction industry is sure to feel increased demand . 
`` there will be a big UNKNOWN of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment , '' ms. UNKNOWN says . 
adds UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an economist at georgia state university , `` there 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity . '' 
wall street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies . 
shares of lone star industries inc. , a cement maker , rose sharply in anticipation of UNKNOWN demand . 
in greenwich , conn. , lone star spokesman michael london says , `` obviously with an earthquake of this size , there are likely to be construction projects that would n't otherwise have been anticipated . 
but any increase is n't likely to be any kind of a surge . 
it 's something likely to be spread out over a long period of time . 
there will be a lot of repair work that wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new UNKNOWN would . '' 
lone star 's san francisco facilities were n't damaged in the quake . 
the earthquake is likely to reduce gnp UNKNOWN in the near term and then could raise it a bit as UNKNOWN begins . 
the first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending . 
corporate profits may also UNKNOWN initially . 
many of the lost tourism dollars wo n't be recovered ; many trips delayed never take place . 
subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
because of the way the government keeps its books , the damage to the bay bridge , however costly , wo n't be counted as a minus . 
the money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus . 
`` it 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says andrew goldberg , who studies the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN aspects of earthquakes at the center for strategic international studies in washington , UNKNOWN . 
`` you certainly can say it 's going to be extremely severe . 
we really are talking about UNKNOWN down a major american city for a number of days , maybe for a few weeks . '' 
mr. goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will UNKNOWN top $ 9 billion and could reach $ 9 billion . 
he UNKNOWN that early damage estimates are often low ; the damage totals in hurricane hugo increased tenfold as more information was received . 
the earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown san francisco . 
a direct hit on a major city , mr. goldberg figures , would cause $ 99 billion to $ 99 billion of damage . 
experts caution that it is far too soon for UNKNOWN estimates of the quake 's total damage , but it 's clear that insurers are likely to pay out enormous sums . 
jack byrne , the chairman of fireman 's fund corp. , which is based in UNKNOWN , calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 9 billion . 
the impact on the insurance industry `` will be big and harsh , but less than { hurricane } hugo , '' says mr. byrne , who UNKNOWN the bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake . 
mr. byrne says fireman 's fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's UNKNOWN charge against earnings should n't top $ 99 million . 
the company was able to assess its damage liability quickly because it has computerized UNKNOWN of northern california showing the exact locations of all the property it UNKNOWN . 
fireman 's fund had claims adjusters on the streets of san francisco right after UNKNOWN yesterday and was paying as many claims as it could right on the spot . 
fireman 's fund UNKNOWN 99,999 homes and autos and 99,999 businesses in the bay area . 
in addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover UNKNOWN claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service . 
but many californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property . 
the independent insurance agents of america says fewer than one of every five california homeowners has earthquake insurance . 
a somewhat higher percentage of people living in the bay area have bought the additional insurance protection , but the great majority are n't covered . 
earthquake insurance typically runs $ 999 or more a year for a small house . 
whatever the long-term economic effect , the scene from the UNKNOWN above oakland is one of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN sections of a UNKNOWN freeway have been UNKNOWN about like plastic building blocks . 
UNKNOWN them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to safety the day before . 
in areas where the freeway made giant concrete UNKNOWN of itself lie cars that police say have been UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
on the UNKNOWN , rescue workers seem , from the air , to move in slow motion . 
they UNKNOWN away at the 9 9 / UNKNOWN section of rubble , UNKNOWN for more of the 999 people thought to have died here . 
about 99 other deaths were also attributed to the earthquake . 
the heart of the earthquake , 9.9 on the richter scale , was 99 miles to the south , near santa cruz , but its terrible UNKNOWN struck here on the nimitz freeway , a major artery serving the bay bridge between oakland and san francisco . 
along the way , the quake UNKNOWN a mall in santa cruz , knocked down buildings in san francisco 's UNKNOWN marina district and sent a wall of bricks UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN in the city 's financial district . 
just a short span across the bay to the west , the quake also showed its UNKNOWN : a UNKNOWN area of the marina district lies UNKNOWN under a steady stream of UNKNOWN being pumped onto rubble to prevent it from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
many of the buildings , mostly UNKNOWN and apartments , were UNKNOWN almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to UNKNOWN by the quake 's UNKNOWN shaking , UNKNOWN gas lines . 
UNKNOWN say three UNKNOWN died when one of the buildings UNKNOWN into a UNKNOWN shortly after the quake struck . 
efforts to fight the UNKNOWN were hampered because water UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN as well . 
from the air , UNKNOWN of yellow fire UNKNOWN carry water from the bay to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN trained on the site . 
as UNKNOWN stand behind UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were UNKNOWN from their UNKNOWN and seem on the UNKNOWN of collapse . 
in the marina district , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , 99 years old , has lived in the district most of her life . 
her parents lost everything in the 9999 earthquake . 
`` now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says . 
`` we always heard about the earthquake , but as children we did n't always listen . 
prince UNKNOWN is the crown prince and UNKNOWN grand UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
an article in the world business report of sept. 99 editions incorrectly referred to his father , grand UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , as the crown prince . 
resolution funding corp. plans to sell $ 9.9 billion of 99-year bonds wednesday in the agency 's first sale of securities . 
the new bonds will be dated oct. 99 and mature oct. 99 , 9999 . 
UNKNOWN for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 9,999 , must be received by 9 p.m. edt wednesday at federal reserve banks . 
refcorp , created by the UNKNOWN law enacted in august , will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions . 
congress authorized $ 99 billion to be borrowed to pay for the thrift bailout . 
of that amount , $ 99 billion has already been borrowed by the treasury department . 
unless otherwise specified in a particular offer , the bonds wo n't be subject to redemption prior to maturity . 
interest payments on the bonds will be payable UNKNOWN . 
the bonds are subject to federal UNKNOWN in the u.s. , including income taxes . 
at the state and local level , the bonds are subject to UNKNOWN and estate , UNKNOWN and gift taxes , but exempt from UNKNOWN as to principal and interest . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , a UNKNOWN co. unit , is launching a program to give consumers more information about its drugs when doctors UNKNOWN them . 
called patients in the know , the program features fact sheets designed to be easy to understand . 
the sheets tell how the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects . 
they are designed to be given to patients by their doctors when the UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN and include space for the doctor to write special instructions . 
in addition , UNKNOWN will give UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the use of UNKNOWN drugs for distribution in their stores . 
consumer groups have long UNKNOWN that drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients . 
`` we believe that every drug that 's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label , '' said douglas UNKNOWN of the public citizen health research group , a ralph UNKNOWN affiliate . 
dr. UNKNOWN said UNKNOWN is `` the only company i know that voluntarily '' will make consumer information available . 
according to federal officials and UNKNOWN studies , nearly half of the 9.9 billion UNKNOWN filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is UNKNOWN on some UNKNOWN and patients are UNKNOWN of the benefits of UNKNOWN . 
`` we think it 's very important to provide as much information as possible on the drugs consumers take , '' said UNKNOWN chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
bond prices UNKNOWN yesterday as investors kept close watch on the stock market and worried about a wave of new supply . 
early yesterday , bonds rose as investors rushed to buy treasury securities on the prospect that stocks would UNKNOWN in the aftermath of the massive california earthquake . 
for example , some securities analysts warned that stocks of certain insurance companies , which face massive damage claims , would get hit hard . 
but when the dow jones industrial average rose instead , bonds drifted lower . 
with stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next UNKNOWN light , '' said brian j. UNKNOWN , chief economist at midland montagu securities inc . 
`` if the stock market tremors are behind us , then the bond market will go back to looking at the next batch of economic numbers to determine '' where interest rates are heading . 
the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond , which jumped 9\/9 point , or about $ 9.99 for each $ 9,999 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed . 
interest rates barely UNKNOWN from tuesday 's levels . 
most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow UNKNOWN and ended unchanged to slightly higher . 
but some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash . 
rjr holdings capital corp. 's 99.9 % bonds due 9999 fell one point . 
other rjr issues fell between 9\/9 point and 9 9\/9 point . 
in the latest sign of how difficult it is to place certain junk bonds , continental airlines said it was forced to scale back the size of its latest offering . 
continental , a unit of texas air corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 999 million to $ 99 million . 
the move had been widely expected . 
in the UNKNOWN offering , the company sold a portion of secured notes but UNKNOWN all the unsecured notes . 
a continental spokeswoman said the notes may be offered at a later date . 
`` this was not a UNKNOWN deal , '' she said . 
`` i think this is a market that required some level of security . 
it did not make sense to offer unsecured paper in an UNKNOWN market . '' 
investors have been UNKNOWN for weeks about the market 's ability to place the $ 9 billion to $ 99 billion of new junk bonds scheduled to be sold by year end . 
supply troubles were also on the minds of treasury investors yesterday , who worried about the flood of new government securities coming next week . 
`` we 're being UNKNOWN by new treasury and agency debt offerings , '' said william sullivan jr. , director of money-market research at dean witter reynolds inc . 
`` the market is concerned about its ability to underwrite all this debt at current levels . '' 
in addition to the $ 99.9 billion of treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular monday auction , the government will sell $ 99 billion of new two-year treasury notes . 
and resolution funding corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 9.9 billion of 99-year bonds wednesday . 
refcorp is the financing unit of resolution trust corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts . 
its securities have been dubbed `` bailout bonds '' by traders . 
in when-issued trading , the two-year treasurys had a yield of about 9.99 % . 
in the municipal market , all eyes were on california debt as investors tried to gauge the financial UNKNOWN of tuesday 's earthquake . 
but traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of california state and local municipal debt . 
`` there are certain bonds traders refer to as ` earthquake ' bonds because the ( issuers ) are on top of the san andreas fault , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , editor of the california municipal bond UNKNOWN , a newsletter for investors . 
since those bonds already pay a slightly higher yield , an extra premium for the earthquake risk , they were n't UNKNOWN affected . 
but some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies UNKNOWN to sell UNKNOWN of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims . 
`` insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to UNKNOWN san francisco , '' said charles UNKNOWN , chief economist at manufacturers hanover securities corp . 
he also expects the performance of municipals to UNKNOWN treasurys as california is forced to issue new debt over time to repair public facilities . 
a report issued late yesterday by standard & poor 's corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause `` UNKNOWN credit deterioration '' for issuers and debt issues in the UNKNOWN area of northern california affected by the quake . 
treasury securities 
treasury bonds ended narrowly mixed in quiet trading . 
the benchmark 99-year bond ended at a price of 999 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % , compared with 999 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % tuesday . 
the latest 99-year notes were quoted late at a price of 99 99\/99 to yield 9 % , compared with 99 99\/99 to yield 9.99 % . 
short-term rates were little changed . 
corporate issues 
investment-grade corporate bonds ended 9\/9 point lower . 
the continental junk bond offering , underwritten by drexel burnham lambert inc. , was the only new issue priced yesterday . 
in the UNKNOWN offering , the $ 99 million of secured equipment certificates was priced to yield 99.99 % to 99.99 % . 
municipals 
municipal bonds ended about 9\/9 to 9\/9 point lower , hurt by the circulation of two `` UNKNOWN '' lists totaling $ 999 million . 
chemical securities inc. is acting as agent for the seller . 
meanwhile , some california issues were down a touch more than the broad market , but traders said there had n't been much investor selling because of the quake . 
but new york city general obligation bonds came under selling pressure . 
traders said a steady stream of bonds was put up for sale yesterday , pushing yields for longer maturities up 9.99 percentage point . 
traders said investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city 's finances and are nervous ahead of the nov. 9 election . 
washington , d.c. , topped the competitive slate yesterday with a sale of $ 999 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes . 
in late trading , new jersey UNKNOWN authority 's 9.99 % issue of 9999 was off 9\/9 point at 99 bid . 
the yield was 9.99 % , up 9.99 percentage point . 
mortgage-backed securities 
mortgage securities ended little changed after light dealings . 
there was no UNKNOWN market impact from the california earthquake . 
dealers said there was some concern that insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims , but no selling materialized . 
the federal home loan mortgage corp. and federal national mortgage association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of california home loans in their UNKNOWN pools . 
but their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial UNKNOWN on all the loans they purchase . 
and because northern california home prices are so high , loans from the region often are too large to be included in freddie mac and fannie mae pools . 
meanwhile , government national mortgage association 9 % securities for november delivery ended at 99 99\/99 , unchanged . 
freddie mac 9 % securities were at 99 9\/99 , down 9\/99 . 
in derivative markets , fannie mae issued two $ 999 million real estate mortgage investment UNKNOWN backed by its 9 % securities . 
foreign bonds 
british government bonds , or UNKNOWN , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from tuesday 's drop . 
the treasury 's 99 9\/9 % bond due UNKNOWN fell 99\/99 to 999 99\/99 to yield 99.99 % , while the 99 % notes due 9999 were down 9\/99 to 999 99\/99 to yield 99.99 % . 
traders said today may be an anxious day for the market . 
several key economic figures are due out and chancellor of the exchequer nigel lawson is scheduled to give the annual `` mansion house '' address to the financial community . 
the chancellor sometimes has used the UNKNOWN to announce major economic policy changes . 
economists do n't expect any such changes in this year 's address , given mr. lawson 's apparent UNKNOWN to adjust policy currently . 
meanwhile , japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading , UNKNOWN by the dollar 's UNKNOWN . 
japan 's bellwether 9.9 % bond due 9999 ended on brokers ' screens at 99.99 to yield 9.999 % . 
in west germany , investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market UNKNOWN for direction . 
the government 's 9 % issue due october 9999 fell 9.99 point to 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
the berlin wall still stands . 
but the man who built it has fallen . 
east germany yesterday removed UNKNOWN honecker , one of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN against the reform UNKNOWN through the communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly UNKNOWN citizens . 
but while it was a move that stunned the east bloc , it hardly UNKNOWN in an era of reform -- at least UNKNOWN soon . 
for the politburo replaced mr. honecker , who had led east germany for 99 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same UNKNOWN : egon krenz , the most recent UNKNOWN chief and a longtime honecker UNKNOWN . 
east germany , it is clear , is no poland , where the communist party now shares power with the UNKNOWN elected solidarity union . 
nor is it a hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the communist nation into a UNKNOWN democracy . 
still , any change in east germany has enormous implications , for both east and west . 
it raises the UNKNOWN hopes of many germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally UNKNOWN political leaders in moscow , washington and western europe . 
mr. krenz , 99 , was named the new party chief just minutes after the party 's UNKNOWN central committee UNKNOWN in east berlin . 
although the east german news agency UNKNOWN claimed mr. honecker had asked to be relieved of his duties for `` health reasons , '' west german government sources said the UNKNOWN politburo had asked for his resignation at a separate meeting late tuesday . 
( mr. honecker was twice UNKNOWN this summer for a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and his physical condition has been the subject of intense speculation in the western media . ) 
UNKNOWN said mr. honecker , a UNKNOWN stalinist who in 9999 UNKNOWN the construction of the berlin wall , also was relieved of his title as head of state and his position as chief of the military . 
mr. krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament UNKNOWN later this week . 
mr. honecker 's UNKNOWN fall UNKNOWN nearly two decades of UNKNOWN leadership during which mr. honecker , now 99 years old , built east germany into the most economically advanced nation in the soviet bloc . 
his UNKNOWN on power UNKNOWN this summer as thousands of his UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN of his rule , fled to the west . 
thousands more have taken to the streets in the last month in east germany 's largest wave of domestic unrest since a workers ' UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
in washington , the bush administration took a UNKNOWN cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change . 
the official line was to offer UNKNOWN ties to mr. krenz , provided he is willing to institute reforms . 
but u.s. officials have strong doubts that he is a reformer . 
president bush told reporters : `` whether that { the leadership change } reflects a change in UNKNOWN relations , i do n't think so . 
because mr. krenz has been very much in accord with the policies of honecker . '' 
one top u.s. expert on east germany added : `` there is no UNKNOWN champion of reform , that we know of , in the east german leadership . '' 
indeed , mr. krenz said on east german television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
he said , while dialogue is important , enough UNKNOWN already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves . 
the removal of mr. honecker was apparently the result of bitter UNKNOWN within the top ranks of the communist party . 
according to west german government sources , mr. honecker and several senior politburo members fought over the last week to delay any decisions about a leadership change . 
but , with public UNKNOWN in the country growing in size and intensity , mr. honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say . 
those allies included politburo members UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who has long headed economic affairs , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief of information policy . 
both men were also relieved of their duties yesterday . 
although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change . 
clearly , the central figure in this process is egon krenz . 
born in 9999 in a UNKNOWN sea town now part of poland , he was eight years old when world war ii ended . 
like west german chancellor helmut kohl , he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during germany 's division . 
since joining the politburo in 9999 as its youngest member , mr. krenz had acquired the UNKNOWN `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the UNKNOWN successor to mr. honecker . 
in fact , the two men have had UNKNOWN similar career UNKNOWN , both having served as chief of internal security before their rise to the top party position . 
moreover , both men have UNKNOWN to a similar UNKNOWN philosophy . 
notably , one of mr. krenz 's few official UNKNOWN overseas came a few months ago , when he visited china after the massacre in beijing . 
he later defended the chinese government 's response during a separate visit to west germany . 
east german UNKNOWN in particular fears mr. krenz , in part because of an incident in january 9999 when he was believed to have ordered the arrest of hundreds of UNKNOWN who had sought refuge in the church . 
however , mr. krenz also has a reputation for being politically UNKNOWN . 
his UNKNOWN ability to read the shifting popular mood in east germany is best illustrated by his apparent break with his old UNKNOWN , mr. honecker . 
indeed , according to west german government sources , he was one of the leaders in the power struggle that UNKNOWN mr. honecker . 
in recent days , mr. krenz has sought to project a UNKNOWN image . 
according to a report widely circulating in east berlin , it was mr. krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in UNKNOWN . 
`` he does n't want to have the image of the UNKNOWN man , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an expert at the UNKNOWN institute of east european and international studies in UNKNOWN . 
`` he 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . '' 
as part of his image UNKNOWN , mr. krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and UNKNOWN the party 's authority . 
besides UNKNOWN other senior politburo officials who allied themselves with mr. honecker , mr. krenz could UNKNOWN controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups . 
but will it be enough ? 
west german government officials and western analysts are UNKNOWN . 
`` he does n't UNKNOWN what people want , so the unrest will go on , '' mr. UNKNOWN predicts . 
at the same time , the expectations of the east german people are great and will continue to grow . 
says one west german official : `` what 's necessary now is the process of UNKNOWN . 
not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously . '' 
chancellor kohl , meanwhile , has invited mr. krenz to open discussions with bonn on a wide range of subjects . 
reports in the west german press , citing sources in east germany , suggest mr. krenz may serve only as a bridge between mr. honecker and a genuine reform leader . 
adding to that speculation is mr. krenz 's reputation as a heavy UNKNOWN , who is said to also suffer from UNKNOWN . 
`` this is a dynamic process and we 're UNKNOWN the first step , '' the bonn official adds . 
the selection of mr. krenz may also UNKNOWN moscow . 
soviet leader mikhail gorbachev has pressed hard for a change in east germany 's rigid stance . 
two UNKNOWN party leaders favored by moscow as possible UNKNOWN to mr. honecker , UNKNOWN party secretary UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and politburo member UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , were passed over . 
if mr. krenz UNKNOWN to rigid policies the pressure from the soviet union could intensify . 
in moscow , mr. gorbachev sent mr. krenz a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that appeared to urge the new leadership to UNKNOWN growing calls for change . 
according to the soviet news agency UNKNOWN , `` gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the socialist UNKNOWN party of { east } germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the UNKNOWN { german democratic republic } encountered . '' 
a force of younger UNKNOWN members in the east german bureaucracy has for some time been pushing for UNKNOWN within their country . 
the older generation has been UNKNOWN between a fear of UNKNOWN with the status UNKNOWN and a fear of what might happen if they did n't . 
from the perspective of east germany 's old guard , reforms that UNKNOWN of capitalism and UNKNOWN democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being . 
unlike the other nations of the bloc , east germany is a UNKNOWN of the cold war . 
UNKNOWN the differences still UNKNOWN europe , and the vast international UNKNOWN that implies , wo n't UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of a poland or a hungary . 
but it could ultimately lead to german reunification and the UNKNOWN of east germany from the UNKNOWN . 
which is what the old guard fears . 
`` i 'm sure they 'll UNKNOWN a reform that will be a UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN 's future as a separately UNKNOWN state , '' says michael simmons , a british UNKNOWN whose book on east germany , entitled `` the UNKNOWN country , '' was published this month . 
up to now , that UNKNOWN has UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN effort by former leader walter UNKNOWN to establish the country 's international UNKNOWN , followed by mr. honecker 's campaign to build the east bloc 's only successful stalinist economy into a consumer UNKNOWN . 
neither man achieved UNKNOWN . 
early in 9999 , mr. honecker and his team stopped paying thin UNKNOWN to mr. gorbachev and joined with UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN any necessity for adjustments in their systems . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , in contrast , declared their intentions to reform , while doing nothing concrete about it . 
the east german media soon began UNKNOWN mr. gorbachev 's UNKNOWN only as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and giving space to his opponents . 
by late 9999 , they were banning soviet publications . 
the country abandoned its former UNKNOWN to socialist UNKNOWN and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road . 
mr. honecker spoke of `` generally valid objective laws of socialism '' and left no room for debate . 
with this year 's UNKNOWN in china and the soviet union , and the drive to democracy in poland and hungary , the east german leadership grew still more defensive . 
politburo member UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to a `` grave concern '' over UNKNOWN democracy . 
`` under the UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN the ` renewal of socialism , ' '' he said , `` forces are at work that are UNKNOWN to eliminate socialism . '' 
some loyal voices , in and out of the east german communist party , saw the nation 's unrest coming . 
the first signs were economic . 
despite heavily subsidized consumer industries , east germans have for years watched the west pull UNKNOWN out ahead . 
in 9999 , for the first time , economic growth came to a dead stop . 
UNKNOWN , some economists began to blame central planning . 
some writers in theoretical UNKNOWN even raised the notion of introducing democracy , at least in the workplace . 
by summer , an independent reform movement was saying out UNKNOWN what it had only UNKNOWN before . 
but they are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
their UNKNOWN purpose is to UNKNOWN east germany of its stalinist UNKNOWN , not to merge with the west . 
one of their UNKNOWN has UNKNOWN a `` new UNKNOWN '' of `` creative socialism . '' 
meanwhile , the man mr. krenz UNKNOWN has left an UNKNOWN mark on east german society . 
UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN during world war ii for his political UNKNOWN , mr. honecker UNKNOWN the postwar generation of committed communist leaders in eastern europe who took their UNKNOWN from moscow . 
he was a `` socialist UNKNOWN '' who felt UNKNOWN by west germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the bonn government 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to recognize the UNKNOWN of his state . 
finally , during his first and only state visit to bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought . 
but ultimately he was UNKNOWN by forces UNKNOWN by his own UNKNOWN , mr. gorbachev . 
mr. honecker 's removal `` was UNKNOWN to happen , '' says one aide to chancellor kohl . 
`` it was only a matter of time . '' 
the european community commission increased its forecast for economic growth in the ec in 9999 to 9.9 % , slightly higher than its june projection of 9.99 % . 
in its annual economic report for 9999-9999 , the commission also projected 9999 gross domestic product growth for the 99 ec members at 9 % . 
ec inflation was seen at 9.9 % in 9999 , higher than 9999 's 9.9 % price rise . 
however , inflation for 9999 was seen slowing to 9.9 % . 
leading ec growth forecasts in 9999 was ireland , seen growing 9 % at constant prices . 
slower growth countries included greece , at 9.9 % , the u.k. , at 9.99 % , and UNKNOWN , at 9.99 % . 
inflation is expected to be highest in greece , where it is projected at 99.99 % , and portugal , at 99 % . 
at the other end of the UNKNOWN , west german inflation was forecast at 9 % in 9999 and 9.99 % in 9999 . 
UNKNOWN korea ltd. opened a coffee and UNKNOWN plant in UNKNOWN , south korea . 
an official at UNKNOWN korea , a 99-99 joint venture between UNKNOWN s.a. and the UNKNOWN group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and ground coffee , coffee mix and UNKNOWN coffee UNKNOWN . 
the south korean coffee market , consisting mostly of instant coffee , was estimated at about 999 billion won ( $ 999.9 million ) last year . 
brands made by the kraft general foods unit of philip morris cos. had about 99 % of the market share . 
UNKNOWN currently has only about a 9 % share with its UNKNOWN 's choice coffee . 
poland plans to start negotiations soon on purchasing natural gas from iran , the official UNKNOWN republic news agency reported . 
the agency said polish prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN told iranian deputy foreign minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of poland 's UNKNOWN to purchase the gas during mr. UNKNOWN 's current visit to warsaw . 
the agency did n't mention possible quantities and did n't say how the gas would be delivered . 
a chinese official UNKNOWN criticized plans to close a british naval base in downtown hong kong . 
hong kong officials announced last week that the base will be UNKNOWN to a small island to allow downtown UNKNOWN . 
but beijing wants to use the base for the people 's liberation army after 9999 , when the territory returns to chinese UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , head of china 's delegation to a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN committee on hong kong , accused britain of trying to impose a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and said , `` this is something we can not accept . '' 
the israeli and soviet national airlines have reached preliminary agreement for launching the first direct flights between UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and moscow , a spokesman for the israeli airline , el UNKNOWN , said . 
el UNKNOWN director UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and top officials of the soviet union 's UNKNOWN negotiated a preliminary pact in moscow this week , the spokesman said . 
he added that UNKNOWN the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries , which have never had direct air links . 
the chairman and a director of one of the republic of singapore 's leading property companies , city development ltd. , or cdl , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 999,999 singapore dollars ( about us$ 999,999 ) . 
UNKNOWN hong UNKNOWN , chairman of cdl , and director UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN by the republic 's UNKNOWN practices investigation bureau tuesday night . 
in addition to UNKNOWN in the alleged criminal breach of trust , UNKNOWN hong UNKNOWN was also charged with UNKNOWN receiving UNKNOWN 999,999 that had been stolen . 
both men were charged in a subordinate court and released on UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN 9 million . 
the charges are the UNKNOWN of weeks of rumors concerning cdl that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by cdl 's controlling UNKNOWN family , brokers in singapore say . 
the UNKNOWN control the hong UNKNOWN group , which has widespread interests in manufacturing , property and finance in both malaysia and singapore . 
news of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the singapore stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and cdl shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men UNKNOWN . 
one of the two british companies still making hard toilet paper stopped production of it . 
british UNKNOWN decided to do away with its hard paper after a major customer , british rail , switched to softer UNKNOWN for train UNKNOWN ... . 
peasants in inner UNKNOWN have partly UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN section of china 's UNKNOWN great wall , the official people 's daily said . 
the paper said the bricks were used to build homes and UNKNOWN and , as a result , the wall `` is in terrible shape . 
wednesday , october 99 , 9999 
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
prime rate : 99 9\/9 % . 
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks . 
federal funds : 9 99\/99 % high , 9 9\/9 % low , 9 9\/9 % near closing bid , 9 9\/9 % offered . 
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 9 million or more . 
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a . ) inc . 
discount rate : 9 % . 
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank . 
call money : 9 9\/9 % to 99 % . 
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days . 
commercial paper : high-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 9,999 : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 days . 
certificates of deposit : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % two months ; 9 % three months ; 9.99 % six months ; 9.99 % one year . 
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 9 million and more . 
the minimum unit is $ 999,999 . 
typical rates in the secondary market : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % three months ; 9.99 % six months . 
bankers acceptances : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days . 
negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
london late eurodollars : 9 99\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % one month ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % two months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % three months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % four months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % five months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % six months . 
london interbank offered rates ( libor ) : 9 99\/99 % one month ; 9 99\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/9 % six months ; 9 9\/9 % one year . 
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks . 
foreign prime rates : canada 99.99 % ; germany 9.99 % ; japan 9.999 % ; switzerland 9.99 % ; britain 99 % . 
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 99 , 9999 , auction of short-term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 99,999 to $ 9 million : 9.99 % 99 weeks ; 9.99 % 99 weeks . 
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ) : 
posted yields on 99-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days . 
9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.999 % , 9 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) : 
posted yields on 99 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days ( priced at par ) 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.99 % , 9\/9 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 9.99 % . 
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 99 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
a grand jury here indicted norton co. 's former director of UNKNOWN research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
norton and general electric co. last month filed a lawsuit against the former research manager , UNKNOWN sung , charging him with stealing trade secrets . 
mr. sung formerly worked at general electric in research on synthetic diamonds . 
the criminal charges brought against him involved ge technology , according the court documents . 
if convicted , he could be UNKNOWN for up to 99 years and fined $ 999,999 . 
mr. sung could n't be reached for comment . 
he earlier denied the allegations against him in the lawsuit by norton and ge . 
norton makes UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN , diamond tools , specialty plastics and UNKNOWN . 
as the citizens of san francisco and surrounding communities began assessing the damage from tuesday 's devastating earthquake , nbc news began assessing the damage from what some said was a failure to provide comprehensive coverage in the earthquake 's initial moments . 
`` in terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said eric UNKNOWN , president for broadcasting of king broadcasting co. , which owns the nbc affiliate in seattle , wash . 
while rival abc news UNKNOWN the competition in live coverage of the event by sheer luck -- the network was broadcasting the world series from candlestick park when the quake struck -- nbc news was unable to get its signal out of san francisco for the first hour after the quake . 
`` i have to attribute the lackluster performance to a natural disaster , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` so before i start to be really critical of nbc , i would like to know more about what happened . '' 
there were no complaints from affiliates of cbs inc. and cable news network , a unit of turner broadcasting system inc . 
but that was not the case at nbc news , which has been UNKNOWN with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories . 
last summer , the affiliates bitterly complained to network executives about the poor coverage of the student UNKNOWN in china . 
`` i was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was nbc news , '' said guy UNKNOWN , general manager of nbc affiliate wave in louisville , UNKNOWN . 
a spokesman for national broadcasting co. , a unit of general electric co. , said the network was `` looking into what happened . '' 
the stations said they were pleased with the extended coverage yesterday , including a special UNKNOWN edition of `` today . '' 
don UNKNOWN , director of news at nbc news , said in an interview that `` we could n't get a signal out of san francisco . 
we were out of the box . 
it was horrible . 
the comment we 're hearing is that we were slow out of the box , but beat everyone else in the stretch . '' 
nbc broadcast throughout the entire night and did not go off the air until noon yesterday . 
the quake postponed the third and fourth games of the world series . 
in place of the games , abc said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time wednesday and thursday UNKNOWN , except for a UNKNOWN special on the earthquake at 99 p.m. last night . 
the series is scheduled to resume tuesday evening in san francisco . 
`` there are no commercials to make up for since we 're going to eventually broadcast the world series , '' said a network spokesman . 
pinnacle west capital corp. said it suspended UNKNOWN its common stock dividend and reported a 99 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
the announcement , made after the close of trading , caught analysts by surprise . 
the company closed at $ 99 a share , down 99.9 cents , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
pinnacle west slashed its quarterly dividend to 99 cents per share from 99 cents in december , saying at the time that it believed the new , lower dividend was `` UNKNOWN . '' 
a company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly UNKNOWN and that circumstances had changed since the december announcement . 
he declined to elaborate . 
edward j. UNKNOWN jr. , an analyst at shearson lehman hutton inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination UNKNOWN an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent merabank savings and loan unit . 
analysts have estimated that pinnacle west may have to UNKNOWN between $ 999 million and $ 999 million into the merabank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators . 
the latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company , based in phoenix , ariz. , reflect continuing problems at merabank and losses in real-estate , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN operations . 
third-quarter net income slid to $ 9.9 million , or six cents a share , from $ 99 million , or 99 cents , a year earlier . 
utility operations , the only company unit operating in the black in the latest period , had a 99 % drop in profit , to $ 99.9 million , largely as a result of UNKNOWN at the company 's huge palo UNKNOWN nuclear facility and the cost of purchased replacement power . 
in other operations , losses at merabank totaled $ 99.9 million in the latest quarter , compared with a $ 9.9 million profit a year earlier . 
the latest quarter includes a $ 99.9 million addition to loan-loss reserves . 
as recently as august , the company said it did n't UNKNOWN a need for substantial UNKNOWN to reserves . 
pinnacle 's UNKNOWN development co . real-estate unit 's loss narrowed to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
the latest period included a $ 9 million write-down on UNKNOWN land , while the year-earlier period included a $ 99 million reserve for real-estate losses . 
losses at its UNKNOWN resources co . UNKNOWN unit narrowed to $ 9.9 million from $ 99 million a year ago , which included a $ 9 million write-down of utility inventories . 
losses at el UNKNOWN investment co. , the UNKNOWN operation , widened to $ 9.9 million from $ 999,999 a year earlier . 
the latest quarter included a $ 9.9 million write-down of investments . 
equitec financial group said it will ask as many as 999,999 investors in 99 of its public real-estate limited partnerships to give approval to rolling them up into a new master limited partnership . 
under the proposal by equitec , a financially troubled real-estate UNKNOWN , new york-based hallwood group inc. would replace equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock . 
hallwood is a merchant bank whose activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers , office buildings , apartments and other real estate . 
in a statement , equitec chairman richard l. UNKNOWN said the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 99 limited partnerships included in the proposed UNKNOWN . 
while he did n't describe the partnerships ' financial condition , he said their operations `` continue to drain the resources of equitec . '' 
equitec posted a $ 9.9 million net loss in the second quarter on $ 99.9 million of revenue , compared with a net loss of $ 99.9 million in the year-earlier period on revenue of $ 9.9 million . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , equitec closed at $ 9.999 a share , unchanged . 
because of tuesday 's earthquake in northern california , company officials could n't immediately be reached for additional comment . 
a spokesman for hallwood said the 99 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 9999 and 9999 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors . 
with airline deals in a tailspin , legendary wall street trader michael steinhardt could have trouble UNKNOWN out of usair group , traders say . 
only a week ago , when airline buy-out UNKNOWN was already UNKNOWN down , mr. steinhardt was engaged in a UNKNOWN with usair . 
he was threatening to take over the carrier , after spending an estimated $ 999 million to build an 9.9 % usair stake for his investment clients . 
the UNKNOWN raider even hired an investment banker to give UNKNOWN to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to UNKNOWN out an UNKNOWN for usair , or for his own stake . 
in fighting usair , mr. steinhardt was UNKNOWN against another investor , UNKNOWN warren buffett , who bought into usair to help fend off mr. steinhardt . 
mr. buffett 's firm , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , holds a much bigger stake in the carrier than mr. steinhardt 's firm , steinhardt partners . 
now , in the wake of ual 's troubles in financing its buy-out , the airline UNKNOWN game has been UNKNOWN . 
instead of hoping to sell his usair stake at analysts ' estimated buy-out price of $ 99 a share , mr. steinhardt is stuck with roughly 9.9 million usair shares that cost him $ 99 , on average , but yesterday closed at 99 9\/9 , up 9\/9 , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
`` it does n't make sense to UNKNOWN out at this price , '' mr. steinhardt says , though he has stopped his takeover talk and now UNKNOWN usair managers ' `` operating skills . '' 
at the current price , the usair holding represents 9 % of all the assets that mr. steinhardt manages . 
a week ago , usair stock briefly soared above 99 after a report in usa today that mr. steinhardt might launch a hostile bid for the carrier , though takeover speculators say they were skeptical . 
`` if usair is worth 99 as a takeover and the stock went to 99 , the market was saying steinhardt 's presence was n't worth anything , in terms of getting a deal done , '' says a veteran takeover UNKNOWN . 
traders say this all goes to show that even the UNKNOWN money manager can get infected with crowd UNKNOWN . 
in trying to UNKNOWN usair , mr. steinhardt abandoned his usual role as a passive investor , and ran into UNKNOWN . 
moreover , unlike mr. buffett , who often holds big stakes in companies for years , mr. steinhardt has n't in the past done much long-term investing . 
mr. steinhardt , who runs about $ 9.9 billion for steinhardt partners , made his name as a UNKNOWN trader , moving in and out of stocks with UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN himself and his investment clients . 
meanwhile , his big losses , for instance in 9999 's crash , generally have been trading losses . 
so , some see a special irony in the fact that mr. steinhardt , the trader , now is UNKNOWN with a massive , UNKNOWN airline holding . 
analysts say usair stock might lose four or five points if the steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
as a result , mr. steinhardt must UNKNOWN himself to selling usair at a loss , or to holding the shares as an UNKNOWN investment . 
`` long-term investing -- that 's not steinhardt 's style , '' UNKNOWN an investor who once worked at steinhardt partners . 
`` he does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an UNKNOWN in the hole , '' adds another steinhardt partners UNKNOWN . 
in recent days , traders say usair has been buying its own shares , as part of a program to retire about eight million usair shares , though the carrier wo n't discuss its buy-back program . 
if usair stepped up its share purchases , that might be a way for mr. steinhardt to get out , says timothy UNKNOWN , a merrill lynch analyst . 
but usair might not want to help mr. steinhardt , he adds . 
in 9999 , usair chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN when trans world airlines chairman carl icahn threatened to take over the carrier . 
mr. icahn , a much more UNKNOWN raider than mr. steinhardt , eventually sold a big usair stake at a tiny profit through bear , stearns . 
mr. steinhardt also could take that route . 
he UNKNOWN big trading commissions on wall street firms . 
however , with airline stocks UNKNOWN , he might not get a very good price for his shares , traders say . 
especially UNKNOWN for mr. steinhardt , say people close to him , is that usair 's mr. UNKNOWN wo n't even take his telephone calls . 
while usair is n't considered absolutely UNKNOWN , its UNKNOWN , including the sale in august of a 99 % stake in the company to mr. buffett 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , are pretty strong . 
usair 's deal with mr. buffett `` was n't exactly a UNKNOWN example of shareholder democracy , '' mr. steinhardt says . 
since last april , the investor has made seven so-called UNKNOWN filings in usair , as he bought and sold the company 's stock . 
such UNKNOWN of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to UNKNOWN interest in the stock . 
but of course it would be highly unusual for an investment fund such as steinhardt partners to take over a company . 
usair and mr. buffett wo n't talk about mr. steinhardt at all . 
analysts say usair has great promise . 
by the second half of 9999 , usair stock could hit 99 , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of shearson lehman hutton . 
she thinks traders should buy the stock if it UNKNOWN to 99 . 
but meanwhile , usair is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest UNKNOWN airlines , which it acquired . 
moreover , some investors think a recession or renewed UNKNOWN wars will UNKNOWN airline stocks in coming months . 
however , mr. steinhardt says he 's `` comfortable holding usair as an investment . '' 
while he has bought and sold some usair shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to UNKNOWN his holding . 
mr. steinhardt adds that he bought usair stock earlier this year as `` part of a fundamental investment in the airline group . '' 
in 9999 , mr. steinhardt says he made money trading in texas air , amr and ual . 
overall , his investments so far this year are showing gains of about 99 % , he adds . 
does mr. steinhardt regret his UNKNOWN into the UNKNOWN game ? 
people close to the investor say that was an experiment he is unlikely to repeat . 
`` i do n't think you 'll find i 'm making a radical change in my traditional investment style , '' mr. steinhardt says . 
UNKNOWN resources inc. said it called for redemption on nov. 99 its $ 99.9 million outstanding of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 9999 . 
the debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 99 million on july 99 , 9999 , the ashland , ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
the company said the redemption is permitted because the price of UNKNOWN 's stock has UNKNOWN or exceeded $ 99.99 for 99 consecutive trading days , a condition set in the terms of the debentures . 
debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 9,999.99 redemption price . 
commodore international ltd. said it will report a loss for the first quarter ended sept. 99 because sales of personal computers for the home market remained weak in some major countries . 
that will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering . 
commodore , west UNKNOWN , pa. , had said in august that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter . 
commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
in fact , commodore 's fiscal fourth-quarter loss was $ 9 million narrower than commodore had expected a few weeks after the quarter closed . 
still , even results UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would mark a sharp weakening compared with fiscal 9999 first-quarter earnings of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on sales of $ 999.9 million . 
reflecting concerns about commodore 's outlook , its stock has plunged more than 99 % since may , closing yesterday unchanged at $ 9.999 a share in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
the price can be expected to UNKNOWN further , because the loss estimate came after the market closed . 
commodore has seemed to be setting the stage recently for progress in the u.s. , where its UNKNOWN sales have been so dismal for years that commodore is close to dropping off research firms ' UNKNOWN charts . 
commodore has assembled an experienced management team , it has persuaded many more dealers to carry its products and it has UNKNOWN a slick advertising campaign . 
but those represent long-term strategies that probably wo n't succeed quickly , even if they turn out to be the right ones . 
in the meantime , the strategies will increase expenses . 
commodore had been counting on its consumer business to stay UNKNOWN healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its UNKNOWN , which has slick graphics yet has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with apple computer inc. or international business machines corp. hardware . 
but sales to consumers have become difficult during the past several months , even in west germany , which has been by far commodore 's strongest market . 
the commodore 99 and 999 , mainly used for children 's educational software and games , had surprised market researchers by continuing to produce strong sales even though other UNKNOWN personal computers now operate several times as fast and have much more memory . 
commodore has said it expects sales to rebound , but market researchers have said that sales of the UNKNOWN products may finally be UNKNOWN off . 
stock prices closed slightly higher in the first routine trading day since friday 's big plunge . 
some issues were affected by tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the san francisco area . 
activity continued to slow from the UNKNOWN pace set during the market 's plunge late friday and its rebound monday , as players began to set their UNKNOWN on events coming later this week . 
the dow jones industrial average drifted through the session within a trading range of about 99 points before closing with a gain of 9.99 at 9999.99 . 
broader averages also posted modest gains . 
standard & poor 's 999-stock index rose 9.99 to 999.99 , the dow jones equity market index rose 9.99 to 999.99 and the new york stock exchange composite index gained 9.99 to 999.99 . 
some 999 new york stock exchange issues advanced in price , while 999 declined . 
but the dow jones transportation average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in ual . 
the average dropped 9.99 to 9999.99 and has now lost 99.9 % of its value since the losing UNKNOWN began oct. 99 . 
big board volume dropped to 999,999,999 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 999.9 million tuesday . 
traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for september , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of october stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown . 
in addition , activity at a number of san UNKNOWN brokerage houses was UNKNOWN as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the bay area . 
stocks retreated to session UNKNOWN just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying . 
the early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently . 
`` i did n't expect it to be this quiet . 
i expected to see more volatility as some of the institutions who were UNKNOWN last friday did some selling , '' said raymond f. devoe , a market strategist at UNKNOWN mason wood walker , baltimore . 
mr. devoe said he expects prices to show some renewed UNKNOWN over the next few sessions as institutions UNKNOWN their stance toward the market in light of its decline . 
`` i would suspect that a lot of investment committees are looking into whether ( they ) want to be in stocks at all , '' he said . 
insurance stocks were sold at the opening amid concerns about the level of damage claims the companies would receive as a result of the earthquake . 
but those issues recovered quickly and turned higher because of expectations that the quake and the recent hurricane hugo would set the stage for an increase in premium rates . 
issues of insurance brokers were especially strong . 
UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , alexander & alexander services climbed 9 to 99 and UNKNOWN & black UNKNOWN 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
elsewhere in the group , general re rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , american international group gained 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 , aetna life & casualty added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and cigna advanced 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN , the parent of UNKNOWN financial , rose 9 9\/9 to 999 9\/9 . 
companies in the construction , engineering and UNKNOWN sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying . 
the UNKNOWN sector was the session 's best UNKNOWN among dow jones industry groups ; UNKNOWN rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , morrison UNKNOWN gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , foster wheeler added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
among engineering firms , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on the big board and four others rallied on the american stock exchange : jacobs engineering group , which gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN engineering , which rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 ; michael baker , which added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , and american science & engineering , up 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 . 
within the UNKNOWN group , georgia-pacific climbed 9 9\/9 to 99 and UNKNOWN added 9 to 99 9\/9 after merrill lynch recommended the UNKNOWN issues . 
UNKNOWN advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , lone star industries gained 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN rose 9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN industries rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
pacific gas & electric fell 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 in big board composite trading of 9.9 million shares and pacific telesis group slipped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 as the companies worked to restore service to areas affected by the quake . 
chevron added 9 to 99 . 
the company , based in san francisco , said it had to shut down a UNKNOWN pipeline in the bay area to check for UNKNOWN but added that its refinery in nearby richmond , calif. , was UNKNOWN . 
other companies based in the area include hewlett-packard , which rose 9\/9 to 99 ; national semiconductor , which went up 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 , and genentech , which eased 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
none of the firms reported any major damage to facilities as a result of the quake . 
bankamerica eased 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and wells fargo lost 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 ; the two bank holding companies , based in san francisco , were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor . 
among california savings-and-loan stocks , h.f. ahmanson eased 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , UNKNOWN slid 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , great western financial dropped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and golden west financial fell 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
ual , the parent company of united airlines , UNKNOWN within a 99-point range during the course of the session before closing at 999 9\/9 , down 9 9\/9 , on 9.9 million shares . 
british airways , a member of the group that had offered $ 999 a share for ual in a leveraged buy-out , said it had yet to receive a revised proposal and it was `` in no way committed '' to the completion of a bid . 
separately , investor marvin davis withdrew his backup $ 999-a-share takeover offer . 
while ual UNKNOWN , amr , the parent of american airlines , pulled out of its recent UNKNOWN by rising 9\/9 to 99 . 
the stock had been on the decline since the financing for the ual buy-out fell through on friday and developer donald trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 999 a share for amr . 
also , amr was the most active big board issue ; 9.9 million shares changed hands . 
gte added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
painewebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 9999 earnings estimate by 99 cents a share , to $ 9.99 . 
colgate-palmolive advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 99 cents and $ 9.99 a share , up from 99 cents a year ago . 
springs industries dropped 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 9999 and 9999 earnings estimates on the company after its third-quarter results proved disappointing . 
trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or UNKNOWN of about 99 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 9,999 over three years . 
the amex market value index snapped a UNKNOWN losing UNKNOWN by rising 9.99 to 999.99 . 
volume totaled 99,999,999 shares . 
carnival cruise lines class a rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the company , citing market conditions , postponed a $ 999 million debt offer . 
philip morris cos. posted a 99 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 99 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses . 
net income rose to $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 999 million , or 99 cents a share . 
per-share figures have been adjusted for a 9-for-9 stock split paid earlier this month . 
the new york-based tobacco , food and beer concern said revenue increased to $ 99.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , philip morris closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
philip morris disclosed little detailed information about performance by major business lines except to say that most , including philip morris u.s.a. , kraft general foods and miller brewing co. , posted increased revenues . 
for the nine months , net increased 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 9 billion , which included $ 999 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
UNKNOWN inc. , citing depressed gold prices , said it plans to suspend operations for an UNKNOWN period at its UNKNOWN gold mine in manitoba . 
UNKNOWN said in UNKNOWN , british columbia , that the production halt will be phased in over a 99-week period . 
UNKNOWN currently produces gold at a cash operating cost of $ 999 an ounce , which is high by industry standards and $ 99 or so above the current spot price . 
UNKNOWN said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the UNKNOWN mine by 9.9 million canadian dollars ( us$ 9.99 million ) , and to write off most of the c$ 9.9 million carrying value of its UNKNOWN gold property in british columbia . 
UNKNOWN did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available . 
computer associates international inc. , garden city , n.y. , and digital equipment corp. said they agreed to jointly develop software to help manage digital 's vax computers . 
computer associates has UNKNOWN out a huge business selling such software for use in managing networks of international business machines corp. computers but needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 99 % and more each year . 
the market for UNKNOWN software for digital 's hardware is UNKNOWN enough that a giant such as computer associates should do well there . 
at the same time , the market is smaller than the market for UNKNOWN software . 
for one thing , digital , maynard , mass. , has sold fewer machines . 
in addition , its machines are typically easier to operate , so customers require less assistance from software . 
wang laboratories inc. , lowell , mass. , UNKNOWN by declining demand for its computers , reported a $ 99.9 million , UNKNOWN loss in its first quarter ended sept. 99 . 
revenue fell 99.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999 million , although some of the decline was caused by discontinued operations . 
wang had previously forecast a loss . 
the company UNKNOWN that it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year , although it expects a profitable fourth quarter . 
a year ago , wang had earnings of $ 99.9 million , or eight cents a share , in its first quarter , including a $ 9.9 million loss from discontinued operations . 
the latest period loss included a $ 99.9 pretax charge for UNKNOWN payments . 
dayton hudson corp. said it accepted for purchase seven million common shares at $ 99.999 each , under the terms of a dutch auction UNKNOWN offer . 
the offer expired at 99:99 a.m. yesterday . 
in a dutch auction , the buyer sets a price range and holders give a price in that range at which they 're willing to sell their shares . 
the buyer then picks a price and buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell at that price or lower . 
dayton hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 99 and $ 99 for the buy-back . 
dayton hudson said it accepted all UNKNOWN shares tendered at or below the final $ 99.999 price ; the preliminary UNKNOWN factor for other shares tendered at or below the final price is 99 % . 
the UNKNOWN retailer said it expects to pay for the seven million shares next thursday . 
tendered shares not purchased will be returned to holders . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , dayton rose $ 9 to $ 99.999 . 
continental bank corp. 's third-quarter net income slipped 99 % despite a big gain from the sale of the company 's london headquarters building . 
the $ 99 million gain on the sale was offset by lower interest income , UNKNOWN results from foreign-exchange trading and a $ 9 million loss on the sale of a unit , securities settlement corp . 
chicago-based continental earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , compared with $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
the 9999 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 99 million . 
the bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and UNKNOWN loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required . 
enron corp. said a subsidiary and two united kingdom firms are studying the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN a 9,999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN power plant in northern england as an UNKNOWN of the government 's privatization program . 
enron power corp. , a unit of the houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , UNKNOWN and run the plant . 
gas to fuel it would be UNKNOWN from the north sea . 
a subsidiary of britain 's imperial chemical industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station . 
surplus power would be sold on the open market , enron said . 
also participating in the study , enron said , is the national power division of britain 's central electricity generating board . 
upon privatization , national power will be responsible for 99 % of the country 's power generating business . 
viacom inc. , new york , reported that its third-quarter loss widened to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , primarily because of interest expense of $ 99.9 million . 
a year ago , viacom had a net loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
interest expense in the 9999 third quarter was $ 99.9 million . 
in the year-ago quarter , viacom also paid preferred stock dividends of $ 99 million ; viacom UNKNOWN its preferred stock for debt in march . 
the communications and entertainment company said revenue rose to $ 999.9 million , from $ 999.9 million . 
viacom attributed the improvement to higher earnings from operations in its networks segment , which includes the UNKNOWN and showtime networks . 
viacom said it also restructured bank debt under a $ 9.9 billion unsecured bank agreement that offers significant interest rate savings . 
UNKNOWN m. UNKNOWN , viacom 's chairman , said viacom `` emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through '' the bank pact . 
trinova corp. , UNKNOWN , ohio , said it is launching an extensive restructuring of its core business , and took a charge that resulted in a loss of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , for the third quarter . 
trinova said it will close , move or overhaul 99 of its 999 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 9,999 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 99,999 employees . 
most of the factory UNKNOWN and job UNKNOWN will affect trinova 's UNKNOWN operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , UNKNOWN and other industrial and automotive parts . 
UNKNOWN and plastics together account for about 99 % of trinova 's total annual sales . 
in a separate announcement , trinova said the UNKNOWN group has agreed to sell its UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and related businesses to midland UNKNOWN inc. of UNKNOWN , conn . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
to provide for the restructuring 's costs , trinova said it took an after-tax charge of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , in the third quarter . 
the $ 99.9 million net loss compares with net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales rose 9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999 million . 
trinova closed at $ 99 , down $ 9 , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
a group of investors , including UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN communications corp. and UNKNOWN holding s.a. , have agreed to buy 99.99 % of odeon UNKNOWN , a financially troubled italian tv station . 
florio UNKNOWN , managing director of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , said the investors would pay only a UNKNOWN one UNKNOWN for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating . 
it 's sort of a chapter 99 situation , '' he added , referring to the u.s. bankruptcy law that UNKNOWN companies from creditors while they restructure . 
UNKNOWN odeon , which UNKNOWN about 9 % of italian tv viewers , has debt of 999 billion lire ( $ 999.9 million ) , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
he added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that UNKNOWN will take 99 % of odeon , UNKNOWN film producer bruno UNKNOWN will take 99 % and the remaining 99.99 % , currently owned by UNKNOWN , will eventually be sold to other investors . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , odeon 's owner , will retain his 99.99 % stake . 
italy 's supreme court this year ordered parliament to write a law that will regulate media ownership . 
`` we think that it 's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
san francisco area officials gave the media high marks for helping people find UNKNOWN and obtain emergency information after tuesday 's catastrophic earthquake . 
`` the press has been doing an excellent job . 
they are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said james ball , a station supervisor at daly city police department . 
mr. ball noted that television stations featured people holding up phone books , explaining where to call for help . 
radio stations provided an emergency number for people who UNKNOWN gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply . 
kim schwartz , a UNKNOWN for the american red cross in los angeles , said television and radio stations in san francisco played a `` very positive role '' by providing the address of 99 shelters of the red cross and by giving out the red cross number for contributions to help earthquake victims ( UNKNOWN ) . 
the san francisco UNKNOWN issued a special edition around noon yesterday that was filled entirely with earthquake news and information . 
the UNKNOWN and the san francisco UNKNOWN were able to publish despite tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers . 
sterling software inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the national UNKNOWN and space administration 's UNKNOWN research center at UNKNOWN field , calif . 
sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 999 million , said nasa selected another bidder for final negotiations . 
in 9999 , UNKNOWN sterling UNKNOWN a similar decision by nasa involving the same contract , claiming it had submitted the lowest bid . 
as a result , last march the general services administration board of contract appeals directed nasa to reopen negotiations on the contract . 
sterling said it had requested a briefing by nasa but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision . 
consolidated rail corp. , new york , reported that third-quarter net income climbed 9.9 % to $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , exceeding analysts ' expectations . 
in the year-earlier quarter , the freight railroad earned $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
james a. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that earnings advanced `` in the face of a drop in business , brought on by the general economic slowdown . '' 
revenue slipped 9.9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999 million . 
for the rest of 9999 , mr. UNKNOWN said , UNKNOWN 's traffic and revenue `` will reflect the sluggish economy , but UNKNOWN will continue to take steps to control and reduce costs . '' 
for the nine months , UNKNOWN earnings grew 9.9 % to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue was flat at $ 9.99 billion . 
georgia gulf corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 99 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million in the year-earlier period . 
sales declined 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
the UNKNOWN chemical manufacturer said lower prices hurt margins for most products . 
`` we did see some relief in raw material costs , but it was n't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices , '' james r. UNKNOWN , the company 's chairman and chief executive officer said in a statement . 
on a per-share basis , quarterly earnings remained at $ 9.99 , the same as last year , because of the company 's share buy-back program . 
georgia gulf had 99.9 million shares outstanding on average in the quarter , compared with 99.9 million in the third quarter of 9999 , adjusted for a stock split paid in january 9999 . 
in composite new york stock exchange trading , stock in georgia gulf , which has been mentioned as a takeover candidate , rose $ 9.999 a share to close at $ 99.999 . 
this UNKNOWN city dispatched inspectors , UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN personnel to aid san francisco . 
but a secondary agenda among officials in the city of UNKNOWN was to learn about the UNKNOWN plans that work and those that do n't . 
los angeles mayor tom bradley used the opportunity to push the city council harder to pass a measure establishing a UNKNOWN reserve of $ 999 million . 
the amount would help los angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake , while waiting for federal assistance to UNKNOWN . 
after san francisco mayor art agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the UNKNOWN of buildings , los angeles dispatched 99 inspectors to help . 
and the county of los angeles placed its UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN on alert , ready to send in UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN san francisco that the city has 9,999 hospital UNKNOWN at its UNKNOWN . 
two los angeles radio stations initiated red cross UNKNOWN campaigns , and one los angeles bank manager UNKNOWN over $ 999,999 of his own money for relief purposes , the red cross said . 
the los angeles red cross sent 9,999 UNKNOWN , 999 UNKNOWN , and 999 UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN blood . 
it is also pulling 99 people out of puerto rico , who were helping UNKNOWN hugo victims , and sending them to san francisco instead . 
the arizona corporations commission authorized an 99.9 % rate increase at tucson electric power co. , substantially lower than recommended last month by a commission hearing officer and barely half the rise sought by the utility . 
the ruling follows a host of problems at tucson electric , including major write-downs , a 99 % slash in the common stock dividend and the departure of former chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN during a company investigation of his stock sales . 
the arizona regulatory ruling calls for $ 99 million in added revenue yearly , compared with a $ 99 million boost proposed by the commission hearing officer . 
the company had sought increases totaling $ 99.9 million , or 99 % . 
the decision was announced after trading ended . 
tucson electric closed at $ 99.999 a share , down 99 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
a tucson electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
south korean president UNKNOWN UNKNOWN woo , UNKNOWN aside suggestions that the won be UNKNOWN again , said the currency 's current level against the dollar is `` appropriate . '' 
his comments , made in response to reporters ' questions at the national press club here , signaled that seoul is UNKNOWN u.s. pressure for a further rise in the currency 's value . 
the u.s. wants a higher won to make south korea 's exports more expensive and help trim seoul 's trade surplus . 
many south korean business people want a UNKNOWN instead , arguing that the won 's recent gains already have weakened the country 's export performance . 
mr. UNKNOWN also said south korea is taking steps that would free the won to respond to market forces . 
seoul has pointed to its lack of a foreign exchange market as one reason the won 's value remains heavily controlled . 
mr. UNKNOWN said a u.s. demand for the removal of south korean import quotas on beef will be resolved `` UNKNOWN '' but gave no hint when that will happen . 
speaking to a joint meeting of congress earlier , he said south korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues `` without causing political and social UNKNOWN . 
great american bank said its board approved the formation of a holding company enabling the savings bank to pursue UNKNOWN banking activities under a new federal law . 
the proposed holding company 's primary purpose would be to allow great american to continue engaging in real estate development activities , it said . 
those activities generated $ 99.9 million in operating profit last year . 
but according to great american , such profits do n't count toward meeting the san diego savings bank 's new UNKNOWN requirements under 9999 federal law . 
the new real estate unit would have a separate capital structure to comply with the law . 
the proposed holding company would also consolidate great american bank in san diego and its tucson , ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in san diego . 
the UNKNOWN is expected to save $ 9 million a year in administrative costs , a great american spokesman said . 
dale lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of ms. and sassy , is UNKNOWN about the challenge he is taking on . 
mr. lang admits that ms. is `` in dire UNKNOWN '' and that sassy needs big promotional dollars to keep it alive . 
but the 99-year-old publisher has moved quickly and UNKNOWN to deal with the magazines ' problems . 
last friday , he told the staff of ms. that the magazine in january would begin publishing without advertising . 
mr. lang will do away with expensive circulation drives , not to mention sales staff , and attempt to publish the 99-year-old magazine supported by circulation revenue alone . 
`` any UNKNOWN can publish a UNKNOWN magazine . 
i want to publish one that succeeds , '' said mr. lang . 
`` for ms. , it 's time to publish for the reader , not the UNKNOWN . '' 
as for sassy , which UNKNOWN directly with news corp. 's UNKNOWN magazine , mr. lang says that in the next two years he will spend $ 9 million promoting and improving the magazine . 
though sassy has grown quickly since its debut in march 9999 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and UNKNOWN advertisers who UNKNOWN at its frank editorial matter on UNKNOWN problems . 
mr. lang said the former australian owners of sassy were `` UNKNOWN by the moral majority ... . 
their reaction was to do nothing and ride it out . '' 
he said sassy will keep its UNKNOWN tone , but added , `` we will keep a close watch on the editorial content of the magazine . '' 
sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 999,999 mark and advertising pages have UNKNOWN this year at more than 999 . 
what 's more , mr. lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` UNKNOWN is written more for mothers , not their UNKNOWN , '' said mr. lang . 
`` but sassy has a different spirit . 
it gets more mail in a month than mccall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
i feel about sassy like i did about working woman 99 years ago . '' 
mr. lang took on ms. and sassy with the acquisition of UNKNOWN publications inc. by his newly formed lang communications . 
lang owns 99 % of UNKNOWN , while citicorp owns the rest through its citicorp venture capital partners . 
two weeks ago , citicorp and mr. lang pumped $ 999,999 into UNKNOWN just to keep the doors open . 
industry observers have UNKNOWN mr. lang on what some call his `` UNKNOWN '' handling of ms. , but his track record in magazine publishing in general has gotten mixed reviews . 
besides ms. and sassy , closely held lang communications includes success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and working woman and working mother , two monthly magazines . 
working woman , with circulation near one million , and working mother , with 999,999 circulation , are legitimate magazine success stories . 
the magazine success , however , was for years lackluster and UNKNOWN . 
only recently has it been UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and its editorial product improved . 
success is expected to gain at least because of the recent UNKNOWN of rival venture , another magazine for growing companies . 
working woman and working mother have operated as part of working woman / mccall 's group , a UNKNOWN joint venture between mr. lang and time warner inc . 
the joint venture is being UNKNOWN , with mccall 's magazine being sold last summer to the new york times co. 's magazine group for about $ 99 million , and time warner agreeing to sell back its 99 % interest in working woman and working mother to mr. lang . 
executives at time inc . magazine co. , a subsidiary of time warner , have said the joint venture with mr. lang was n't a good one . 
the venture , formed in 9999 , was supposed to be time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines . 
mr. lang surprised time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates UNKNOWN with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered UNKNOWN by magazine publishers . 
in addition , mccall 's put in a less than UNKNOWN performance . 
until a recent comeback , it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation . 
time executives complained about the UNKNOWN editorial quality , and in the end , one time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` UNKNOWN , mccall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . '' 
mr. lang feels that time 's priorities changed . 
`` their management changed right after { the venture was formed } , and i do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines . '' 
today , mr. lang believes his magazines will offer what many women 's magazines do n't . 
`` we write straight for women on their level , '' he said . 
`` we do n't have passive readers . '' 
mr. lang points out that even success , in part , fits the company 's image , since about 99 % of its UNKNOWN is female . 
mr. lang has named carol UNKNOWN , 99 , as group publisher of new york-based lang communications . 
she will UNKNOWN working woman , working mother and success magazines , and retain her post as publisher of working woman . 
the sale price of mccall 's -- twice what mr. lang originally paid for it -- will finance lang communications ' buy-back of time warner 's 99 % interest in working woman and working mother . 
mr. lang says he is n't UNKNOWN new acquisitions , at least for now . 
`` we would have to go outside to banks to get the money and i am not ready to do that , '' he said . 
`` besides , we have enough on our UNKNOWN . 
there is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
britain 's UNKNOWN and mergers commission wednesday cleared rhone-poulenc s.a. 's purchase of a specialty UNKNOWN unit from UNKNOWN co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any UNKNOWN impact on u.k. industrial consumers . 
the commission , which was asked to study the deal by the department of trade and industry after its announcement in february , said the UNKNOWN of global supply of chemicals used in making UNKNOWN drugs was great enough to offset the dominant u.k. market share rhone-poulenc would gain through the acquisition . 
the french chemical giant would hold an 99 % share of the u.k. market for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and bulk UNKNOWN . 
the commission found that if the british government attempted to block the merger , rhone-poulenc would likely respond by closing the UNKNOWN plant UNKNOWN operates in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN the matter from u.k. UNKNOWN . 
morrison UNKNOWN corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
in the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue in the latest quarter rose 99 % to $ 999 million from $ 999.9 million . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , morrison gained $ 9.99 to $ 99.999 . 
morrison said the engineering and construction segment performed well , with the mining and UNKNOWN operations making important contributions . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN morrison had losses totaling $ 999 million over the two years ended in december , but it has surged back to profitability as a result of cost-cutting and shedding of UNKNOWN operations . 
in the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the house ethics committee officially cited rep. jim bates ( d. , calif . ) for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN two female employees , but did n't recommend formal disciplinary action . 
rep. bates said he accepted the finding , but one of the victims , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN the ethics panel 's action as `` UNKNOWN . '' 
acting more than a year after ms. UNKNOWN filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of UNKNOWN '' saying rep. bates had admitted conduct that violated a house rule UNKNOWN discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
it ordered rep. bates to write letters of UNKNOWN to ms. UNKNOWN and to a second UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
rep. bates said he would write the letters as ordered . 
`` i accept the resolution of the matter by the ethics committee , '' he said . 
the panel also warned rep. bates that any further violations `` may result in a recommendation that disciplinary action be considered . '' 
but ms. UNKNOWN asked , `` who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the ethics committee ? '' 
rep. bates has publicly UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN from voters and was UNKNOWN with 99 % of the vote last november . 
mesa airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from stateswest airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by stateswest at $ 99 a mesa share . 
both companies are regional carriers in the southwest . 
when it made the offer , stateswest declined to disclose details and asked mesa to do the same . 
but UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN mesa said the offer was for $ 9 in cash and unspecified stateswest securities valued at $ 9 a share . 
based on the number of mesa shares outstanding not already owned by stateswest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 99.9 million . 
stateswest owns 9.99 % of mesa . 
last week , mesa rejected a general proposal from stateswest that the two carriers combine . 
in response to the specific offer , gary UNKNOWN , mesa vice president , said management will ask directors to UNKNOWN a financial consultant to advise them . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN group plc , a u.k. engineering company , reported a 99 % jump in pretax profit for the six-month period ending june 99 . 
pretax profit rose to # 99.9 million ( $ 999.9 million ) from # 99.9 million ( $ 999 million ) , matching analysts ' expectations , which ranged from # 99 million to # 99 million . 
profit after taxes and minority interests increased 99 % to # 99.9 million from # 99.9 million in the year-earlier period , while earnings per share rose 99 % to 99.9 pence ( 99 cents ) from 99.9 pence ( 99 cents ) . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 99 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
fleet / UNKNOWN financial group reported a 99 % increase in net income in the third quarter , led by a 99 % gain in its financial services group . 
fleet 's net was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a primary share , compared with $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the providence , UNKNOWN , financial services group , which includes UNKNOWN , leasing and UNKNOWN operations , contributed $ 99.9 million to net , up from last year 's $ 99.9 million . 
fleet also noted that , unlike other banking companies in the northeast , it has been only marginally hurt by nonperforming loans that have resulted from the UNKNOWN regional real estate market . 
fleet reported nine-month net of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a primary share , up from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year earlier . 
UNKNOWN . franklin federal savings & loan association said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , as a result of adding $ 99 million in loan-loss reserves . 
the UNKNOWN , ore. , thrift , which has $ 9.9 billion of assets , had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
the additional reserves UNKNOWN to possible write-downs of certain assets held by franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said . 
according to a spokeswoman , they also UNKNOWN to changes franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal UNKNOWN requirements for thrifts . 
the company 's shares closed yesterday at $ 9.99 , off 99 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
arkla inc. said that as part of a program to improve profitability it will take a total of $ 999 million in after-tax charges by year end . 
it also announced an initial public offering of 99 % of its gas exploration and production subsidiary . 
the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , natural gas company said the charges , though partially offset by a one-time gain from the offering , will result in a full-year after-tax loss . 
last year , the company had net income of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
arkla said it will report $ 999 UNKNOWN in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter , reflecting settlement of certain natural gas contracts . 
it said it will take a $ 99 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit . 
arkla said its initial offering of 99 % of arkla exploration co. is expected to result in a net gain of about $ 99 million , which will be used to pay down arkla debt . 
arkla exploration owns sizable gas and UNKNOWN reserves in the south and southwest . 
south africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 9 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said chris UNKNOWN , governor of the reserve bank and the country 's chief debt UNKNOWN . 
the new agreement will last for 9 9\/9 years starting july 9 , 9999 , when the current agreement expires . 
the announcement UNKNOWN with the start of the commonwealth ministers conference in kuala lumpur , where proposals for renewed sanctions against south africa , including moves to block settling of a new debt agreement , were scheduled to be discussed . 
as with the previous pact , the new agreement covers the country 's debt `` inside the net , '' which UNKNOWN mainly to UNKNOWN due to overseas creditor banks by the private sector . 
the agreement calls for south african UNKNOWN to make UNKNOWN in eight UNKNOWN , starting in december of next year . 
the redemption then would be at 9.9 % of the total debt , increasing to 9.9 % in february 9999 , and to 9 % at six-month UNKNOWN thereafter . 
a revised provision would be included for the conversion of short-term claims inside the net to long-term loans outside the net . 
these claims would be UNKNOWN over a 99-year period . 
foreign debt falling outside the net of affected UNKNOWN -- which mr. UNKNOWN estimated at $ 99 billion -- would remain not subject to the debt arrangements . 
new york times co. said net income rose in the third quarter because of a one-time gain on the sale of the company 's cable-tv system . 
net surged to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
the latest quarter included a gain of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from the sale of new york times cable , completed in august . 
exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 99 % to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
the decline primarily reflected the UNKNOWN from acquiring mccall 's , golf world ( u.s. ) and sailing world magazines ; lower equity earnings from the UNKNOWN group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 9.9 % decline in advertising UNKNOWN at the new york times , the company 's flagship newspaper . 
advertising volume at the company 's 99 regional newspapers decreased 9.9 % . 
the company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
revenue rose 9.9 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
democrat gene taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of republican UNKNOWN smith , taking back the gop 's lone UNKNOWN in mississippi 's house delegation . 
mr. taylor 's overwhelming victory against republican tom anderson UNKNOWN a seat the republicans had held for 99 years and gives the democrats their fifth victory in the seven special house elections held this year . 
mr. taylor , a 99-year-old state senator from bay st. louis , won 99 % of the vote in a district that has voted republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by republican u.s. sen. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national republicans . 
mr. anderson , a former UNKNOWN aide , received campaign assistance from the senator and from president bush , who visited the district last week . 
even so , mr. taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties . 
rep. smith died in a plane crash on aug. 99 . 
wall street journal reporters called companies with headquarters or facilities in the bay area in a bid to assess the damage to their operations caused by tuesday 's earthquake . 
the calls reached many , but certainly not all , of the publicly held companies with operations in the area . 
in most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal . 
UNKNOWN services inc. , menlo park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 999 million , otc , said all 99 offices in bay area were working , but in various states of disarray . 
business was slow because many companies were closed yesterday . 
advanced micro devices inc. , sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , nyse , had only minor structural damage . 
most of its 9,999 workers were at work yesterday , and no production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available . 
amdahl corp. , sunnyvale , computer maker , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , amex , was closed yesterday and no damage estimates were available . 
american building maintenance industries inc. , san francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 999 million , nyse , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a UNKNOWN computer system the company had developed before the quake . 
american president cos. , oakland , shipping concern , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , had little damage to the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN or rail track at its UNKNOWN facility near the collapsed route 999 UNKNOWN . 
the company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays , despite sporadic power . 
anacomp inc. , indianapolis , nyse , said its UNKNOWN corp. unit , a sunnyvale maker of computer UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN with annual sales of $ 999 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational . 
UNKNOWN electronics inc. , san jose , distributor of electronic parts , annual sales of about $ 999 million , nyse , sustained very little damage , anticipated being `` in 999 % operating condition '' by UNKNOWN . 
apple computer co. , cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , otc , sustained some structural damage . 
offices were closed yesterday . 
applied materials inc. , santa clara , maker of UNKNOWN machine systems , annual sales of $ 999 million , otc , had slight damage to headquarters , no damage to manufacturing plants . 
company , with 9,999 workers in area , is fully UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN corp. , sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 999 million , amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow . 
bankamerica corp. , san francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue of $ 99.9 billion , nyse , yesterday had no power at its headquarters , 99 of its 999 northern california branches were closed and 999 of 999 automatic teller machines were closed in the area . 
securities trading was conducted in a backup facility in concord . 
bechtel corp. , san francisco , engineering and construction concern , annual sales of $ 9 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city , but its computers were knocked out . 
backup computer UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN to an ibm office in philadelphia , and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days . 
workers , except for senior management , were asked not to report for work yesterday . 
UNKNOWN laboratories inc. , UNKNOWN , biological research and UNKNOWN leader , $ 999 million in annual sales , amex , said its richmond UNKNOWN north of san francisco was closed because of debris and fallen UNKNOWN . 
it expects to be fully operational by next week . 
UNKNOWN international , UNKNOWN valley , personal computer and software designer , annual sales of $ 99 million , had heavy damage to its headquarters and was conducting business from its parking lot . 
the company does n't expect any shipping delays . 
businessland inc. , san jose , computer retail company , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , said all 99 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in san francisco 's business district . 
that facility should reopen today . 
carter UNKNOWN UNKNOWN stores inc. , los angeles , retailer , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , nyse , said nine of its 99 UNKNOWN stores in the area were closed because of water damage , broken windows and fallen displays . 
a spokesman said sales are expected to be hurt , but the losses are covered by insurance . 
chevron corp. , san francisco , oil company , annual sales of $ 99.9 billion , nyse , had minor damage to downtown headquarters , but structural damage closed two of its seven buildings in san UNKNOWN industrial park . 
company expects to be fully operational by next week . 
UNKNOWN co. , oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , nyse , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow . 
meanwhile , orders are being UNKNOWN through UNKNOWN products unit in louisville , ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed UNKNOWN . 
expects to be fully operational early next week . 
UNKNOWN inc. , palo alto , laser maker , annual sales of $ 999 million , was closed yesterday but expects to reopen today . 
consolidated UNKNOWN inc. , menlo park , trucking company , $ 9.99 billion in annual sales , nyse , had structural damage to UNKNOWN motor freight subsidiary 's office in palo alto , no damage in menlo park . 
UNKNOWN companies inc. , palo alto , medical products maker , annual sales of $ 999 million , nyse , had little damage and was in full operation yesterday . 
dayton hudson corp. , minneapolis , retailer , annual sales of $ 99.9 billion , nyse , closed seven of its 99 bay-area target discount stores and nine of its 99 UNKNOWN 's department stores because of pending reviews by structural engineers or requests from authorities , who were trying to keep shoppers off the freeways . 
the company expects to reopen three target stores and all but two UNKNOWN 's today or tomorrow . 
UNKNOWN inc. , south san francisco , maker of magnetic UNKNOWN UNKNOWN equipment , annual sales of $ 999 million , amex , had minor damage , mostly in a UNKNOWN . 
the company plans to be fully operational today . 
digital equipment corp. , maynard , mass. , computer maker , annual sales of $ 99.9 billion , nyse , had structural damage at its san francisco sales office but no UNKNOWN damage elsewhere in the area , including its cupertino plant . 
UNKNOWN grand ice UNKNOWN inc. , oakland , ice UNKNOWN maker , annual sales of $ 999 million , otc , said it is UNKNOWN ice UNKNOWN UNKNOWN roads are UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN systems inc. , UNKNOWN , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 999 million , otc , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
exxon corp. , new york , oil company , nyse , said its refinery northeast of san francisco was operating at a slightly reduced rate as a UNKNOWN in case of aftershocks . 
ford motor co. , UNKNOWN , mich. , auto maker , annual sales of $ 99.9 billion , nyse , said its three ford aerospace unit facilities in the bay area , including a UNKNOWN operation in palo alto , had no major damage . 
gap inc. , san bruno , clothing retailer , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , nyse , expects most of its stores to return to full operation and all 9,999 of its bay-area workers to be back at work by today . 
genentech inc. , south san francisco , biotechnology company , annual sales of $ 999.9 million , nyse , sustained no major damage and expects to be fully operational today . 
general electric co. , UNKNOWN , conn. , consumer , industrial products and broadcasting concern , annual sales of $ 99 billion , nyse , said its ge nuclear energy unit , with 9,999 bay-area employees , had only minor damage at its san jose headquarters . 
business was n't disrupted . 
general motors corp. , detroit , auto maker , annual sales of $ 999.9 billion , nyse , sustained about 99 injuries to workers and some UNKNOWN water UNKNOWN at its new united motor manufacturing inc. facility in UNKNOWN , a joint venture with toyota motor corp . 
there was limited production of some models yesterday , but it was n't clear when the normal UNKNOWN pace will resume . 
plant officials are still assessing damage to parts suppliers and port of oakland facilities that handle shipments to the plant . 
golden west financial corp. , oakland , savings and loan , annual revenue of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , had only minor damage to a few branches and no injured employees . 
hewlett-packard co. , palo alto , personal computer and electronic equipment maker , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , said there will be a `` minimal suspension '' of manufacturing for an UNKNOWN period . 
the computer system was operating , so orders could be taken . 
the company has 99,999 employees and more than 99 buildings in the bay area . 
one building in palo alto may be damaged beyond repair . 
others had lesser damage and there were no injuries among workers . 
damage will be `` easily in the millions , '' the company said . 
UNKNOWN corp. , UNKNOWN , manufacturer of engineered parts , annual sales of $ 999 million , nyse , had little damage beyond some phone trouble . 
UNKNOWN mining co. , san francisco , gold and general UNKNOWN , annual sales of $ 999.9 million , nyse , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today . 
it expects any impact on its business to be slight . 
UNKNOWN financial corp. , UNKNOWN , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 999 million , otc , said three of its 99 bay-area branches were closed yesterday . 
the company expects all branches to reopen today . 
UNKNOWN corp. , santa clara , maker of computer accessories , annual sales of $ 999 million , otc , said UNKNOWN were out at its headquarters but service should be restored by today . 
the company said it was doing a brisk business in computer UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN power sources . 
intel corp. , santa clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , otc , had some damage and few people were at work yesterday . 
international business machines corp , armonk , n.y. , maker of business machines , nyse , said UNKNOWN caused by broken water UNKNOWN closed its san jose plant , which makes high-end UNKNOWN devices . 
the plant and its 9,999 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days , the company said . 
also closed yesterday were the company 's santa UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN research center . 
the concern 's national service division opened a center for emergency service in UNKNOWN creek as part of its UNKNOWN plan . 
kaiser aluminum & chemical , oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , had slight structural damage to its 99-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
lockheed corp. , UNKNOWN , aerospace and defense concern , annual sales of $ 99.99 billion , nyse , said its lockheed missiles & space division closed its santa cruz test facility because of power UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the closing , affecting 999 employees , will continue at least until roads are cleared . 
it was n't known to what extent , if any , the facility was damaged . 
it also was n't known what the impact will be on the division 's work , which includes the navy 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN missile program and the air force 's strategic defense initiative . 
the division had only minor damage at its sunnyvale headquarters and plant in palo UNKNOWN , and no delays in deliveries are expected . 
UNKNOWN drug stores inc. , UNKNOWN creek , UNKNOWN chain , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , had only minor damage and only four of its 99 bay-area stores , all in the santa cruz area , were closed . 
all are expected to reopen soon . 
lsi logic corp. , UNKNOWN , maker of UNKNOWN integrated UNKNOWN , annual sales of $ 999 million , nyse , has halted manufacturing at its three plants in the area while they are UNKNOWN for structural damage . 
the company expects to resume full operations by today . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , new york , retailer , annual sales of $ 9 billion , said there was minor damage to its 99 UNKNOWN stores and nine i. UNKNOWN stores in the bay area . 
UNKNOWN corp. , cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing UNKNOWN , annual sales of $ 999 million , nyse , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up . 
national semiconductor corp. , santa clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , nyse , said it had no major structural damage at its 99 bay-area buildings , but two workers were injured . 
production resumed yesterday . 
UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN plant needed immediate repairs . 
UNKNOWN inc. , seattle , retailer , annual sales $ 9.99 billion , otc , five of this UNKNOWN chain 's nine stores in the bay area were closed yesterday , damage appears primarily cosmetic , hopes to reopen four of the stores by today and the fifth by saturday . 
UNKNOWN systems corp. , UNKNOWN , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 999 million , four of 99 offices and buildings in the UNKNOWN and san mateo areas were closed , 99 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week . 
pacific gas & electric co. , san francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 9.9 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , UNKNOWN damage to four nearby UNKNOWN , severe structural damage to a major power plant at UNKNOWN landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 999,999 UNKNOWN without electricity and 99,999 without gas , can not UNKNOWN electricity until it is certain there are no gas UNKNOWN , no predictions on when this will happen . 
pacific telesis group , san francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , pacific bell and pacific telesis cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in santa cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 99 times the usual , causing a big slowdown . 
procter & gamble co. , UNKNOWN company 's UNKNOWN coffee plant in south san francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production . 
quantum corp. , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN rigid UNKNOWN drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 999.9 million , otc , open for business , minor structural damage . 
UNKNOWN corp. , menlo park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 9 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated . 
ross stores inc. , newark , discount apparel chain , annual sales $ 999 million , two of 99 stores in bay area closed , both could open as early as today . 
UNKNOWN stores inc. , oakland , retail food chain , annual sales of $ 99.9 billion , some structural damage to headquarters and no power ; major problems UNKNOWN products to those stores that remained open ; no numbers on how many stores closed . 
charles schwab & co. , san francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 999 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open . 
firm will not , however , resume 99-hour service until power in city is restored . 
office closed yesterday at 9:99 p.m. edt . 
seagate technology , UNKNOWN valley , maker of hard disk drives for computers , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , otc , closed to assess what appeared to be minor damage to some of its 99 buildings . 
southern pacific transportation co. , san francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 9.99 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow . 
st. louis southwestern UNKNOWN co. unit halted all service tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited UNKNOWN service between san francisco and san jose . 
sun microsystems inc. , mountain view , maker of desktop computers , annual sales $ 9.99 billion , otc , no injured employees and very little damage to buildings . 
closed yesterday due to power difficulties . 
tandem computers inc. , cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , said it had no significant damage and should be fully operational within a week . 
many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained . 
UNKNOWN corp. , san francisco , financial services and insurance company , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , nyse , said its headquarters , the well-known downtown UNKNOWN building , was intact but closed yesterday . 
UNKNOWN associates inc. , palo alto , UNKNOWN and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 9.9 billion , had only minor damage and no UNKNOWN were anticipated . 
UNKNOWN technology inc. , san jose , maker of semiconductor products , annual sales $ 999.9 million , otc , minimal damage to facilities , no injuries , expected operations to return to normal late yesterday . 
UNKNOWN co. , UNKNOWN electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 999 million , nyse , minor damage to headquarters and plant in palo alto , no damage to san jose plant , `` still assessing '' damage at UNKNOWN valley plant , where main product is UNKNOWN for semiconductor production . 
wells fargo & co. , san francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 9.9 billion , nyse , minor damage at headquarters , 99 branches out of 999 in northern california sustained structural damage that will UNKNOWN them from opening in the near future , 99 locations with at least one automatic teller machine UNKNOWN , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
UNKNOWN technology inc. , san jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and ibm / UNKNOWN compatible computers , annual sales of $ 999 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today . 
UNKNOWN corp. , santa clara , maker of computer communications systems , annual sales of $ 999 million , otc , slight structural damage to headquarters , communications systems already fully operational . 
could the collapse of UNKNOWN have been prevented ? 
that was the question structural engineers and california transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday as rescue workers began the UNKNOWN task of trying to UNKNOWN as many as 999 victims from beneath the concrete UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN nimitz freeway in oakland that UNKNOWN in during tuesday 's temblor . 
after UNKNOWN the area , california gov. george deukmejian late yesterday called for an inquiry into the freeway 's collapse , UNKNOWN the disaster on UNKNOWN construction , the associated press reported . 
the impact of the destruction of this UNKNOWN stretch of highway was UNKNOWN measured in lost lives . 
but there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of california 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor . 
it could easily be two years before the UNKNOWN artery that helps UNKNOWN oakland with san francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 999 million , said charles j. o'connell , deputy district director in los angeles of the california department of transportation , UNKNOWN caltrans . 
caltrans in sacramento said total damage from the collapsed highway is estimated at around $ 999 million . 
the aftershocks of the highway UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN in los angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring UNKNOWN to los angeles freeways by 9999 . 
caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a UNKNOWN stretch of the harbor freeway just south of los angeles , near the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
los angeles county supervisor kenneth UNKNOWN yesterday vowed to fight the introduction of UNKNOWN in the area . 
caltrans abandoned UNKNOWN in the early 9999s , following the 9999 UNKNOWN earthquake that destroyed freeway sections just north of los angeles , mr. o'connell explained . 
that temblor measured 9.9 on the richter scale ; tuesday 's was 
so why even consider UNKNOWN freeways now ? 
`` we 've run out of places to build freeways in UNKNOWN , and the only place to go is up , '' mr. o'connell said , although he acknowledges there are many UNKNOWN , including cost . 
but as for safety , he says UNKNOWN freeways built today with the heavily UNKNOWN concrete and UNKNOWN columns required after the UNKNOWN quake should withstand a UNKNOWN temblor of 9.9 to 9 on the richter scale . 
reasons for the collapse of the nimitz freeway were UNKNOWN yesterday . 
but most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the UNKNOWN , and the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill and can become UNKNOWN , or `` UNKNOWN , '' in a major quake . 
the UNKNOWN roadway , designed in the mid-9999s and completed in 9999 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today . 
while the UNKNOWN did have long metal UNKNOWN running UNKNOWN through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run UNKNOWN through the column , said leo parker , a structural engineer in los angeles . 
caltrans today uses a UNKNOWN of the design mr. parker describes , with UNKNOWN steel UNKNOWN inside . 
but in the case of the nimitz freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns to UNKNOWN and buckle under the weight of the second deck , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN who were lined up in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN traffic on the lower deck nearly 99 feet below . 
officials of the state agency did n't have any immediate explanation why the reinforcement did n't hold up . 
caltrans UNKNOWN the highway in 9999 as part of a $ 99 million statewide project , using steel UNKNOWN to tie the UNKNOWN of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from UNKNOWN in a quake . 
caltrans spokesman jim UNKNOWN in sacramento declined to identify the engineering firm that did the reinforcement work . 
liability in the bridge and road UNKNOWN will UNKNOWN around whether government took `` reasonable care '' to build and maintain the structures , says john UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , wash. , personal-injury attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases . 
the firm brought in to strengthen the structure could be liable as well . 
the results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken , mr. UNKNOWN says . 
given the seismic history of the bay area , `` it seems to me that a 9.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event . '' 
caltrans ' mr. UNKNOWN defended the agency 's work on the nimitz freeway . 
`` the work was done properly , '' he said . 
`` basically , we had a severe earthquake of significant UNKNOWN and it was just something the structure could n't withstand . '' 
ironically , caltrans this year began working on a second round of seismic UNKNOWN of freeways around the state , this time UNKNOWN freeway columns in `` steel UNKNOWN '' to UNKNOWN them . 
but only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the nimitz freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , mr. UNKNOWN explained . 
`` the reason is that the technology is such that we 're not able to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN structures , '' he said . 
charles UNKNOWN in san francisco and john r. UNKNOWN in los angeles contributed to this article . 
lionel corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 9 a share , or $ 99.9 million , for as much as 99 % of lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer . 
lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities , saying it wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy . 
lionel also said the offer by robert i. UNKNOWN limited partnership is inadequate , and full of conditions that leave it `` subject to substantial uncertainty . '' 
in addition , lionel began a lawsuit in federal district court in new york seeking to UNKNOWN the offer , UNKNOWN , among other things , violations of federal securities law and fraudulent UNKNOWN of the market for lionel 's securities . 
robert i. UNKNOWN , general partner of the investment group , said the lionel response reflected management 's entrenched position , saying officials had failed to come up with a better alternative to his group 's offer . 
mr. UNKNOWN said he would respond to lionel 's suit after his lawyers review it . 
efforts by a federal mediator to UNKNOWN talks between boeing co. and the machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled . 
company officials and union representatives did n't meet face to face , but the mediator UNKNOWN between the two groups . 
in a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed UNKNOWN mix are possible . 
machinists already have rejected a proposal that called for a 9 % pay increase and 9 % bonus in the first year . 
in the second year , workers would receive a 9 % wage boost and a 9 % bonus , followed by a 9 % increase without a bonus in the third year . 
`` the company will not UNKNOWN on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
as the strike enters its 99th day today , some members are getting nervous , the spokesman conceded , but the majority of the 99,999 machinists are prepared to `` wait it out as long as it takes . 
united merchants & manufacturers inc. said its president , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , withdrew his proposal to acquire control of the new york textile and clothing company . 
last month , mr. UNKNOWN proposed , among other things , to buy 9.9 million shares , or 99 % , for $ 9 apiece . 
coupled with his current 9.9 million shares and 9 % held by an associate , the stake would have given him control of 99 % of the concern . 
in a securities and exchange commission filing , mr. UNKNOWN had said that holders of the other 99 % of united merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares . 
a special committee of united merchants directors said that in view of UNKNOWN regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board . 
the company is exploring , with a major financial institution , the development of a plan to boost the value of the company for its holders , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
in a separate sec filing , albert safer , who holds 9.99 % of united merchants , said he retained investment bank lazard UNKNOWN & co. for advice as he UNKNOWN the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker . 
on friday , mr. safer , a newark , n.j. , textile businessman , signed a UNKNOWN agreement under which united merchants would provide him with UNKNOWN information . 
the white house is making sure nobody will UNKNOWN it of taking this crisis UNKNOWN . 
in the aftermath of the california earthquake , president bush and his aides flew into a UNKNOWN of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning . 
some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a white house in action . 
mr. bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the exxon UNKNOWN oil UNKNOWN split open in alaskan waters and hurricane hugo struck the carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now . 
so the white house announced that mr. bush got his first earthquake briefing of the day at 9:99 a.m. from chief of staff john sununu . 
by noon , mr. bush had taken two phone calls from vice president dan quayle , who was in california ; made a televised statement of concern ; signed a disaster UNKNOWN ; received a written report from the federal emergency management agency ; and visited fema headquarters . 
mr. bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism . 
on his fema visit , mr. bush said that he hoped there would be `` less UNKNOWN '' about the emergency office 's performance this time , adding that the agency `` took a hit '' for its reaction to hurricane hugo . 
the white house already is talking of mr. bush visiting the california earthquake site this weekend . 
he visited the hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so . 
UNKNOWN plc , a major british building materials and construction concern , reported a 99 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its u.s. unit , UNKNOWN co . 
pretax profit for the year to june 99 rose to # 999.9 million ( $ 999.9 million ) from # 999.9 million ( $ 999.9 million ) , broadly matching analysts ' expectations . 
profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 99 % to # 99.9 million from # 99.9 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 99.99 pence ( 99 cents ) from 99.99 pence ( 99 cents ) . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN the san francisco bay area -- rated a 9.9 on the richter scale -- did n't match the great earthquake of 9999 , rated at 9.99 . 
the difference of just 9.99 points on the scale , designed by charles richter of UNKNOWN in the 9999s , means the older quake was `` 99 to 99 times stronger , '' says lane johnson , director of the university of california berkeley UNKNOWN station . 
the ground UNKNOWN along a UNKNOWN stretch of the san andreas fault on tuesday , mr. johnson added . 
in 9999 , the UNKNOWN was 999 miles long and a couple feet wide . 
though the epicenter of tuesday 's temblor was located 99 miles north of the town of santa cruz , and 99 miles south of san francisco , its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN up the coast in seemingly random fashion . 
but the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways UNKNOWN upon landfill , as were the marina district of san francisco and the bay bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation . 
`` landfill -- loose and UNKNOWN earth -- may feel like rock but it UNKNOWN like liquid when you shake it , '' said douglas UNKNOWN , professor of UNKNOWN at san francisco state university in a televised interview . 
`` it UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN pattern . 
our quake UNKNOWN much like the mexico city earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
mr. johnson , of the berkeley UNKNOWN station , said : `` landfill can be done if it 's properly UNKNOWN . 
you can drive UNKNOWN on it and build on it . '' 
he cited the example of san francisco 's financial district , where many new glass UNKNOWN survived almost UNKNOWN . 
but the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , mr. johnson predicted . 
`` the attention span of the public is short , '' he said . 
`` we 've known for years and years we 've got lots of old { UNKNOWN } UNKNOWN brick and UNKNOWN buildings . '' 
one old building , the golden state bank building on front street , had its yellow brick UNKNOWN UNKNOWN off by the shock of the quake , leaving a UNKNOWN of its third floor open to the air , while UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and cars . 
UNKNOWN such old building stock , mr. johnson said , `` comes down to money . 
it 's a danger . 
we know it 's there . 
and sooner or later , we have to do something about it . '' 
the urgency is heightened because this week 's earthquake -- while major and followed by hundreds of aftershocks -- did n't release enough UNKNOWN energy tension along the UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN more and bigger UNKNOWN soon . 
`` the big one is still due , '' mr. johnson predicted in an interview . 
`` the bay area has three very dangerous UNKNOWN , the san andreas , the UNKNOWN fault and the UNKNOWN fault . 
it { tuesday 's quake } has n't solved our problem . 
in california , this is the reality . 
coca-cola co. may be about to intensify the UNKNOWN wars . 
coke said it will test market a caffeine-free version of its flagship brand , coca-cola classic , beginning next week in charlotte , n.c . 
other , as yet UNKNOWN , cities will follow . 
if all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a coke spokesman said . 
after the confusion surrounding the change of the coke formula in 9999 , coca-cola was reluctant to clutter the classic name with a brand extension . 
but now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk . 
`` the name classic coke has tremendous value , and they have n't UNKNOWN that name before , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , publisher of the trade journal beverage digest . 
the coke spokesman said a caffeine-free classic should help increase volume of the original brand . 
indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry . 
coke now leads pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet UNKNOWN but UNKNOWN pepsi in sales of caffeine-free UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , according to beverage digest . 
coke introduced a caffeine-free UNKNOWN UNKNOWN based on its original formula in 9999 . 
it switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new coke in 9999 . 
coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free classic for a year , a company spokesman said . 
he said large increases in sales of other UNKNOWN soft drinks make the timing right now . 
california struggled with the aftermath of a bay area earthquake . 
as aftershocks shook the san francisco bay area , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through rubble for UNKNOWN of tuesday 's temblor , and residents picked their way through UNKNOWN streets . 
in oakland , hopes faded for finding any more UNKNOWN within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway . 
at least 999 people were reported killed and 9,999 injured in the UNKNOWN tremor that caused billions of dollars of damage along 999 miles of the san andreas fault . 
bush declared the region a major disaster area and the military was UNKNOWN to prevent UNKNOWN . 
the baseball commissioner said the third game of the world series between the giants and the UNKNOWN would be played tuesday in candlestick park . 
honecker was ousted as leader of east germany amid growing unrest . 
the 99-year-old official , who UNKNOWN the building of the berlin wall , was removed during a meeting of the UNKNOWN communist party central committee in east berlin . 
honecker , who was reported ill following UNKNOWN surgery in august , said he was UNKNOWN for health reasons . 
he was succeeded by UNKNOWN chief egon krenz , 99 , a UNKNOWN who quickly ruled out any sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
honecker 's departure came after weeks of street protests and an exodus to the west of east germans who had become UNKNOWN with his rule . 
hungary adopted constitutional changes to form a democratic system . 
at a nationally televised legislative session in UNKNOWN , the parliament UNKNOWN approved changes formally ending UNKNOWN domination in the country , UNKNOWN free elections by next summer and establishing the office of state president to replace a 99-member council . 
the country was UNKNOWN the republic of hungary . 
like other soviet bloc nations , it had been known as a `` people 's republic '' since 
the voting for new laws followed UNKNOWN of hungary 's communist party this month and its replacement by a UNKNOWN socialist party . 
the space shuttle atlantis UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , fla. , and its crew of five UNKNOWN launched the UNKNOWN galileo space probe on a flight to the planet jupiter . 
the $ 9.9 billion robot spacecraft 's UNKNOWN mission is to take six years . 
the shuttle is slated to return monday to california . 
south korea 's president UNKNOWN addressed a joint house-senate meeting and urged UNKNOWN over u.s. demands for the opening of seoul 's markets to more american goods , saying trade issues would be `` resolved to mutual satisfaction . '' 
he also said UNKNOWN results could follow any `` hint of weakening '' of the u.s. defense commitment to seoul . 
the census bureau reported that 99.9 % of the u.s. population , or 99.9 million people , were living in poverty in 9999 . 
last year 's figure was down from 99.9 % in 9999 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate . 
per capita income rose 9.9 % to $ 99,999 , but median family income fell 9.9 % . 
the bush administration accused israeli prime minister shamir of UNKNOWN peace efforts in the mideast with `` UNKNOWN '' and disappointing statements . 
shamir said tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the u.s. over an UNKNOWN plan to hold direct UNKNOWN talks , which the premier 's UNKNOWN bloc opposes . 
cuba was elected to the u.n. security council for the first time since its UNKNOWN revolution 99 years ago . 
the election was by secret UNKNOWN in the general assembly . 
the u.s. did n't openly oppose cuba 's UNKNOWN as the latin american council UNKNOWN . 
britain 's prime minister thatcher told a commonwealth summit in kuala lumpur , malaysia , that sanctions against south africa were `` utterly UNKNOWN , '' officials said . 
but other nations at the opening of the 99-nation meeting of britain and its former UNKNOWN pressed for continued or stronger UNKNOWN in an effort to end apartheid . 
arab officials in saudi arabia said UNKNOWN talks by UNKNOWN lawmakers aimed at ending lebanon 's civil war appeared about to collapse . 
christian legislators are insisting on a syrian troop UNKNOWN from lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation 's UNKNOWN a greater role in UNKNOWN 's government . 
UNKNOWN 's judges launched a 99-hour strike to press security demands following tuesday 's murder of a high court justice in UNKNOWN . 
the country 's narcotics UNKNOWN claimed responsibility for the UNKNOWN . 
most of the country 's 99,999 judges and judicial employees joined the work UNKNOWN . 
charles s. mitchell , a vice president with UNKNOWN development co. , the real estate development subsidiary of sears , roebuck & co. , was named president of UNKNOWN properties , a real estate development unit . 
he succeeds william UNKNOWN , who resigned earlier this year . 
also , richard a. UNKNOWN , a former marketing executive with UNKNOWN corp. , was appointed president of continental UNKNOWN systems , a producer of can closing machinery that UNKNOWN acquired late last year . 
UNKNOWN is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern . 
dow chemical co. said third-quarter net income slipped 9.9 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
the decline broke a UNKNOWN of 99 quarters in which dow posted earnings increases . 
dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999 million , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales in the latest quarter rose 9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
dow closed at $ 99.999 a share , up 99 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
a spokeswoman said dow is comfortable with wall street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 99.99 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 9.9 billion , or $ 99.99 a share . 
but that signal on full-year profit UNKNOWN doubt on whether dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 9.99 a share , or $ 999 million . 
dow would earn $ 99.99 a share for the year if it UNKNOWN that year-ago fourth-quarter performance . 
dow officials were UNKNOWN that the company would earn less than $ 99 a share this year even before they announced in july a plan to acquire 99 % of marion laboratories inc . 
that acquisition could further UNKNOWN earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said . 
dow has n't said exactly what impact the marion acquisition will have on 9999 earnings . 
dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including softer prices for polyethylene and other basic chemicals , a slower u.s. economy and a stronger dollar , which made dow 's exports from the u.s. more expensive to overseas customers . 
another problem was a 9 % increase in operating costs at a time when revenue was rising by only 9 % . 
for the first nine months of the year , dow earned $ 9.99 billion , or $ 99.99 a share , up 99 % from $ 9.99 billion , or $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
sales for the latest nine months rose 9.9 % to $ 99.99 billion from $ 99.99 billion in the year-ago period . 
whether or not `` great cases make UNKNOWN '' -- as justice holmes asserted -- who can doubt that when great confirmation hearings turn on the UNKNOWN 's response to these great cases they make bad judicial history ? 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's `` battle for justice : how the bork nomination shook america '' ( norton , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN of these hearings , done with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but with a UNKNOWN legal philosophy . 
while the book UNKNOWN UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN , the title itself is dubious . 
what shook america was not a battle for justice but for UNKNOWN power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had UNKNOWN . 
in its basic structure and style the book is UNKNOWN , with UNKNOWN character UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN action and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the sort more likely to be encountered in a washington UNKNOWN than in a constitutional history . 
mr. UNKNOWN seems to believe that the hearings could have gone either way . 
i doubt that . 
given democratic frustration with the reagan victories and court UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN plans in place , and mr. bork 's paper trail of vulnerable UNKNOWN , it was pretty clear that judge bork never stood much chance of being confirmed . 
as mr. UNKNOWN himself says , the UNKNOWN of `` raw meat '' was in the air . 
perhaps because they won , mr. bork 's UNKNOWN come through more UNKNOWN than his UNKNOWN . 
ralph UNKNOWN was the organizing UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN a conglomerate of pressure groups into an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN force . 
harvard 's laurence UNKNOWN was the constitutional heavy , UNKNOWN out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
but it was ted kennedy who UNKNOWN most effectively with his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of `` robert bork 's america '' -- the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that would follow UNKNOWN , he claimed , from the positions mr. bork had taken over the space of two decades . 
sen. kennedy , never mind his dubious credentials for the moral high ground , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
i add two others . 
republican sen. UNKNOWN specter of pennsylvania engaged the UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN contest aimed at showing that mr. bork was willing to stretch the constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others . 
it achieved a good media play , and enabled sen. specter and others to vote against mr. bork out of `` UNKNOWN . '' 
further UNKNOWN came from left legal UNKNOWN ronald UNKNOWN , who in the new york review of books painted a picture of a constitutional UNKNOWN UNKNOWN reading his personal UNKNOWN into the constitution , particularly in the area of `` original intent . '' 
the charge of being `` outside the mainstream '' of legal thought UNKNOWN undercut mr. bork 's UNKNOWN standing , leaving him UNKNOWN on the platform . 
the nomination still might have been UNKNOWN if a number of democratic UNKNOWN in the south and southwest had broken party lines . 
but democratic sen. bennett johnson of louisiana reminded the little band that UNKNOWN blacks and women could UNKNOWN the margin to punish them in their next senate elections . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with `` mainstream '' and UNKNOWN to seal robert bork 's fate . 
the UNKNOWN ? 
mr. bork 's opponents chose the UNKNOWN , held it and kept it . 
yet with the smooth confirmation of anthony kennedy , an `` 99 UNKNOWN '' only slightly less supportive of judicial restraint than mr. bork , the democrats may have won the battle but lost the war . 
another UNKNOWN , however , was the UNKNOWN message the bork hearings sent into the judicial culture from which the supreme court UNKNOWN its talent . 
the word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional UNKNOWN , with no paper trail and no UNKNOWN to their UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN . 
unfortunately , the author simply does n't supply the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to sustain his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
he has too readily UNKNOWN the case for the activist law school culture . 
UNKNOWN more deeply into the UNKNOWN of `` judicial restraint , '' he would have found a long history going back to the great decisions of justice holmes . 
he would discover it also in alexander UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN constitutional UNKNOWN , mr. bork 's UNKNOWN friend at yale , whose influence on the judge goes well beyond mr. UNKNOWN 's reporting . 
still , the long view of robert bork as constitutional UNKNOWN must be a UNKNOWN one . 
his strength lies in his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which keeps the court clear of UNKNOWN group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives . 
unfortunately , mr. bork failed to UNKNOWN between such pressures and the UNKNOWN of great issues critical to a society that must be settled UNKNOWN if it is to UNKNOWN . 
the question of UNKNOWN schools , in brown vs. board of education , was such an issue . 
in our time abortion has become another , best left to a line of supreme court decisions rather than to the UNKNOWN of 99 state legislatures . 
a UNKNOWN and growing consensus of americans clearly UNKNOWN to apply the right to privacy in UNKNOWN matters ( decided in the UNKNOWN case ) to abortion as well . 
one can understand mr. bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become UNKNOWN stretched , though a supreme court UNKNOWN of men and women with UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and a sense of limits should be able to manage it . 
what is certain is that if americans allow another happening like the UNKNOWN bork confirmation UNKNOWN , it will be at their UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN is a writer and UNKNOWN living in new york . 
sotheby 's inc. , the world 's biggest auction house , is taking a huge wall UNKNOWN risk on the outcome of the sale of art from the estate of john t. dorrance jr. , the campbell soup co. heir . 
the financial services division has guaranteed the dorrance family that it will receive a minimum of $ 999 million for the collection , regardless of what the bids for the art works total , people close to the transaction say . 
the collection , which includes two early UNKNOWN , a van UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , other paintings , furniture and UNKNOWN , went on sale last night in the first of six auctions . 
what sotheby 's is doing closely UNKNOWN an underwriting by an investment bank . 
a corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a wall street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers . 
if the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer , it makes a profit . 
at the initial sale last night , for example -- the sale featuring the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- bids totaled $ 999 million . 
that was slightly above sotheby 's UNKNOWN estimate of $ 999 million . 
normally , sotheby 's would have earned 99 % of the total in commissions . 
instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 999 million . 
art dealers say that while auction houses occasionally guarantee the seller of a highly desirable work of art a minimum price , a financial commitment of this size is unprecedented . 
UNKNOWN d. UNKNOWN , president of sotheby 's north america division , UNKNOWN denies it offered the dorrance UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN guarantee , calling such reports `` UNKNOWN . '' 
buried in the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN catalog for the sale , however , appears the statement , `` sotheby 's has an interest in the property in this catalog . '' 
explains a sotheby 's spokeswoman , the statement `` means exactly what it says . 
we have some level of financial interest '' in the collection . 
`` we do n't disclose specifics . '' 
frank UNKNOWN , a lawyer for the dorrance estate with the philadelphia law firm of morgan , lewis & UNKNOWN , declines to comment on the financial arrangements . 
sotheby 's made the $ 999 million guarantee to keep the dorrance collection away from its archrival , auction house christie 's international plc ; christie 's has handled smaller sales for the dorrance family over the years . 
when christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the dorrance collection , representatives of the dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said michael UNKNOWN , christie 's head of UNKNOWN and modern paintings . 
UNKNOWN who have made their money on wall street have become an increasingly important part of the art business and their money has helped fuel the art boom , but recently it appears sotheby 's has been returning the UNKNOWN . 
in november 9999 , sotheby 's essentially offered a wall UNKNOWN `` bridge loan '' of about $ 99 million to australian businessman alan bond to enable him to purchase vincent van UNKNOWN 's `` UNKNOWN '' for $ 99.9 million . 
it was the highest bid in history for a work of art . 
but two weeks ago , sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid . 
sotheby 's is offering such deals because it 's an art sellers ' market , at least where the best works are concerned , says ralph UNKNOWN , an attorney and author of the book `` art law . '' 
`` there seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition . 
the competition gives the seller the ability to cut a better deal , '' he says . 
the dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 999 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
but it 's likely that sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee . 
sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the dorrance sale . 
at a news conference last may announcing plans for the auction , sotheby 's estimated its value in excess of $ 999 million . 
more recently , sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 999 million . 
that 's the highest estimate for a single collection in auction history . 
the decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since mr. dorrance had served as chairman of the philadelphia museum of art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution . 
at last night 's sale , 99 of 99 works that sold were purchased by UNKNOWN international gallery , the UNKNOWN unit of UNKNOWN financial , a japanese conglomerate that owns 9.9 % of christie 's . 
meanwhile , sotheby 's guarantee is raising UNKNOWN in the art world . 
`` the consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' says new york art dealer david UNKNOWN . 
while he adds that he has no problem with auction houses who sell works in which they have a financial interest , `` it ought not to be hidden in some small print . '' 
in such situations , he says , the house `` is going to put the best light on things . '' 
for example , an auction house 's comments on the condition of a work of art that is up for sale should be looked at with `` very open eyes , '' he says . 
`` there 's more and more of this UNKNOWN going on at every level , '' says bruce miller , president of art funding corp. , an art lender . 
dealers and auction houses `` know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . '' 
in january , two small new york UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN gallery and UNKNOWN fine arts , UNKNOWN a major art collection owned by the UNKNOWN family away from rival UNKNOWN bidders with an UNKNOWN payment of about $ 99 million . 
a christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes UNKNOWN its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because `` christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent { for buyer and seller } , not as a bank . 
egon krenz , the man UNKNOWN yesterday to become east germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : UNKNOWN a country in crisis . 
but unlike the other new leaders in the east bloc , mr. krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : german reunification . 
mr. krenz , age 99 , is known as an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , one likely to continue the method of running a country that the berlin wall made famous . 
even if he were to change his UNKNOWN and become another milton UNKNOWN , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country . 
mr. krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of UNKNOWN honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
mr. krenz has followed much the same career path as mr. honecker : both spent years overseeing the UNKNOWN deutsche UNKNOWN , the youth group that is the communist regime 's principal UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN young germans into socialist citizens . 
more recently , mr. krenz has been in charge of east german security , and is the youngest member of the ruling politburo . 
faced with another mr. honecker , so many UNKNOWN east germans are likely to UNKNOWN that the two german UNKNOWN will get their reunification , de UNKNOWN , on west german ground . 
but if east germany 's UNKNOWN politburo does UNKNOWN up enough to permit mr. krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental . 
UNKNOWN socialism means UNKNOWN the east german state 's reason for existence , and with it the UNKNOWN for its UNKNOWN and its wall . 
in this scenario it 's hard to imagine that a pale UNKNOWN of the federal republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic , federal or stronger -- with west germany . 
mr. krenz may need a bit of time to consolidate his empire , which would do a lot to promote reunification scenario one . 
UNKNOWN in west germany have already UNKNOWN the exodus by UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN placed by mr. honecker : `` wanted : one people . '' 
the west german UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
of course east germany , true to its tradition , could UNKNOWN its borders yet further . 
two of the last UNKNOWN of the honecker regime were to close the border to czechoslovakia and install UNKNOWN lights in some spots along the UNKNOWN . 
but with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in moscow -- against east germany , the country would have to turn itself into an UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN down further on refugees . 
there have been some reports that mr. krenz is moving to `` UNKNOWN '' his reputation , notably rumors that it was he who kept east germany 's state police off protesters ' backs at the country 's dismal 99th anniversary UNKNOWN earlier this month . 
but even if he effects a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , he will face a serious ideological crisis and reunification scenario two . 
the problem is one that east germany shares with other UNKNOWN , such as north korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the east bloc . 
when poland moves to reform , it can at least lean on its past : however UNKNOWN and short-lived joseph UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN republic , it was a UNKNOWN democracy . 
UNKNOWN reformers can recall the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the same period in their country . 
even the soviet union has peter the great to UNKNOWN , should it choose to . 
but east germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
beyond that , it has to compete with west germany for a claim to the german UNKNOWN . 
up to now , the main weapon of the `` worker and peasant state '' has been the UNKNOWN of socialism . 
with talk today of a second economic UNKNOWN in west germany , east germany no longer can content itself with being the economic star in a UNKNOWN league . 
without moscow 's military and party behind it , east germany runs the risk of UNKNOWN . 
if it goes capitalist , and increases trade with west germany , it will convert itself , UNKNOWN , into an economic UNKNOWN of the federal republic . 
there 's a certain UNKNOWN logic at work here : it 's particularly appropriate -- and UNKNOWN -- that the land that produced UNKNOWN UNKNOWN should prove socialism 's failure in an experiment that uses its own people as controls . 
there may be forces that would delay this scenario . 
UNKNOWN are the last to UNKNOWN , and germans are an ideological people . 
the protesters who UNKNOWN mikhail gorbachev at east berlin 's airport earlier this month were n't UNKNOWN `` go u.s.a '' -- they were UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN , help us . '' 
UNKNOWN on the other side of the border can also slow the process . 
helmut kohl 's governing conservative coalition is proving UNKNOWN true to the west german constitution by making more than 999,999 people of german UNKNOWN automatic citizens this year alone . 
but within the government and in the think tanks outside it , many west germans maintain that they do n't want immediate reunification . 
politically , this currently is wisdom -- particularly given a nervous neighboring france . 
but it would be UNKNOWN if germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than bonn and berlin . 
in a statement that was as close as east germany gets to practicing `` glasnost '' , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an east german party UNKNOWN , actually acknowledged the reunification dilemma . 
`` the main problem , '' mr. UNKNOWN said in an east german radio interview monitored by radio free europe in UNKNOWN , stems from the fact that `` the UNKNOWN is different '' from other east european states . 
`` what kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist german democratic republic have UNKNOWN a capitalist federal republic ? '' 
that 's a question east germany ca n't answer easily , no matter what its new leader does . 
miss UNKNOWN is editorial features editor of the wall street journal / europe . 
insurers are facing billions of dollars in damage claims from the california quake . 
but most businesses in the bay area , including silicon valley , were n't greatly affected . 
computer and software companies in the region are expecting virtually no long-term disruption in shipments . 
also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
leveraged buy-outs may be UNKNOWN by two rules in pending congressional legislation . 
the provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the house and senate , could raise the price UNKNOWN of such deals by up to 99 % and cool the takeover boom . 
a bill giving the transportation department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a house panel . 
but secretary skinner said he would urge bush to veto the bill . 
housing starts sank 9.9 % in september to a seven-year low . 
the drop , following a 9.9 % decline in august , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the fed 's UNKNOWN battle . 
ibm plans to buy back $ 9 billion of its common shares , a move likely to help the computer giant 's battered stock . 
the buy-back , which was n't a complete surprise , was announced after the stock market had closed . 
a capital-gains tax cut plan has been worked out by senate republicans . 
a similar proposal may be introduced soon by senate democrats . 
british airways said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for united air 's parent . 
the british carrier also confirmed it is n't committed to going forward with any new bid . 
ual 's stock fell $ 9.99 , to $ 999.99 . 
stock prices rose slightly as trading slowed , while bonds ended little changed despite a UNKNOWN dollar . 
the dow jones industrials gained 9.99 , to 9999.99 . 
but investors remain wary about stocks , partly because of turmoil in the junk-bond market . 
b.a.t industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan , including the sale of its saks fifth avenue and marshall field units . 
the british conglomerate cited the recent turmoil in financial markets . 
wcrs group announced a major restructuring that largely UNKNOWN it from the advertising business . 
the london-based concern will sell most of its ad unit to france 's eurocom . 
commodore international expects to post its second consecutive quarterly loss because of weak personal computer sales in some markets . 
jaguar hopes to reach a friendly accord with general motors within a month that may involve producing a cheaper executive model . 
sears is negotiating to UNKNOWN its sears tower for close to $ 999 million , sources said . 
the retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building . 
whitbread of britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a UNKNOWN among UNKNOWN . 
the business includes beefeater gin . 
markets -- 
stocks : volume 999,999,999 shares . 
dow jones industrials 9999.99 , up 9.99 ; transportation 9999.99 , off 9.99 ; utilities 999.99 , off 9.99 . 
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index 9999.99 , off 
commodities : dow jones futures index 999.99 , up 9.99 ; spot index 999.99 , up 9.99 . 
dollar : 999.99 yen , off 9.99 ; 9.9999 marks , off 9.9999 . 
the dollar finished softer yesterday , UNKNOWN lower by continued concern about the stock market . 
`` we 're trading with a very wary eye on wall street , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , chief corporate trader at harris trust & savings bank in new york . 
`` no one is willing to place a firm bet that the stock market wo n't take another tumultuous ride . '' 
news of the major earthquake in california tuesday triggered a round of dollar sales in early asian trade , but most foreign-exchange dealers said they expect the impact of the quake on financial markets to be short-lived . 
despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the u.s. unit remains relatively well bid . 
harris trust 's mr. UNKNOWN noted that the unit continues to show UNKNOWN in the face of a UNKNOWN of `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' in recent weeks , including rate increases in europe and japan , aggressive central bank UNKNOWN , a 999-point plunge in new york stock prices , an unexpectedly poor u.s. trade report and action by the federal reserve to UNKNOWN u.s. rates lower . 
while mr. UNKNOWN does n't predict a significant climb for the u.s. unit in light of recent moves in interest rates around the world , he noted that `` its UNKNOWN potential is surprisingly and -- for dollar UNKNOWN -- `` UNKNOWN '' limited . 
in late new york trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , down from 9.9999 marks late tuesday , and at 999.99 yen , down from 999.99 yen late tuesday . 
sterling was quoted at $ 9.9999 , up from $ 9.9999 late tuesday . 
in tokyo thursday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , down from wednesday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
since friday 's dive in stock market prices , the fed has UNKNOWN reserves into the banking system in an effort to UNKNOWN the markets and UNKNOWN a repeat of 9999 's stock market debacle . 
some analysts note that after last week 's stock market tailspin and tuesday 's california earthquake , it 's hard to gauge where the central bank wants the key federal funds rate . 
they say that the earthquake , by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity , has given the fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level . 
the fed did , in fact , execute $ 9.9 billion of UNKNOWN customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
analysts said the additional liquidity should tend to reduce the federal funds rate . 
for now , traders say the foreign exchange market is UNKNOWN both federal funds and events on wall street . 
they note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the UNKNOWN bad news from the stock exchange . 
indeed , the u.s. unit edged lower as the dow jones industrial average dropped about 99 points in early trading . 
a slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
some dealers noted that nervousness over the recent sharp dive in stock prices could intensify following suggestions by bank of japan governor UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that appeared to advise japanese investors to be very careful in investing in u.s. leveraged buy-outs . 
dealers suggest that the only positive news on the horizon that could UNKNOWN attention from equities transactions is september 's u.s. consumer price data . 
the figures , due for release friday , are expected to show an UNKNOWN in inflation to 9.9 % from 9.9 % in august . 
if the figures show a hefty rise in inflation , they could UNKNOWN against easing by the fed . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery rose $ 9.99 to $ 999.99 an ounce in moderate trading . 
estimated volume was three million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong thursday , gold was at $ 999.99 an ounce . 
crude prices UNKNOWN upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to san francisco area refinery UNKNOWN , but the rise quickly UNKNOWN when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely UNKNOWN . 
trading on little specific information , market players overnight in tokyo began bidding up oil prices . 
the rally spread into european markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the san francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
by yesterday morning , much of the world was still unable to reach san francisco by telephone . 
west texas intermediate was bid up more than 99 cents a barrel in many overseas markets . 
at the opening of the new york mercantile exchange , west texas intermediate for november delivery shot up 99 cents a barrel , to $ 99.99 , still on the belief that the refineries were damaged . 
in the san francisco area , roughly 999,999 barrels a day of crude , about a third of all the refining capacity in california , is processed daily , according to industry data . 
for more than the past year , even the UNKNOWN of a major west coast refinery shutdown has been enough to spark a futures rally because the gasoline market is so tight . 
but yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major west coast refinery operators -- including chevron corp. , exxon corp. and the shell oil co. unit of royal dutch / shell group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
most said they shut down their petroleum pipeline operations as a UNKNOWN but did n't see any immediate damage . 
gasoline terminals were also largely UNKNOWN , they said . 
`` it 's hard to imagine how the markets were UNKNOWN , given that nobody could get through to san francisco , '' said one UNKNOWN oil company executive . 
as the news spread that the refineries were intact , crude prices plunged , ending the day at $ 99.99 a barrel , down 99 cents . 
gasoline for november delivery was off 9.99 cents a UNKNOWN to 99.99 cents . 
heating oil finished at 99.9 cents , down 9.99 cent . 
`` the market was basically acting on two UNKNOWN forces , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of shearson lehman hutton inc . 
`` one is the panic , the earthquake in san francisco , which is positive . '' 
but once that factor was eliminated , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
after the market closed tuesday , the american petroleum institute had reported that crude stocks increased by 9.9 million barrels in the week ended friday , which traders viewed as bearish . 
but some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets . 
`` the problem is that while on the surface everything is all right , the question is , '' said mr. UNKNOWN , `` was there any structural damage to the UNKNOWN or anything else . '' 
in other commodity markets yesterday : 
copper : 
futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
the december contract declined 9.99 cents a pound to $ 9.9999 . 
according to one analyst , workers at the cananea copper mine in mexico , which has n't been operating since it was declared UNKNOWN by the mexican government in late august , are set to return to work . 
the analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
he added that , while there has n't been any official announcement as yet , the UNKNOWN valley mine strike in british columbia , which has lasted more than three months , is regarded as settled . 
another analyst said the cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect . 
`` there are still negotiations taking place on whether there will be a loss of jobs , which has been a critical issue all along , '' he said . 
nevertheless , the increasing likelihood that these two major supply disruptions will be resolved weighed on the market , the analysts agreed . 
both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to japan , which has been buying copper on the world market . 
the first analyst said that the japanese , as well as the chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in london , but that this purchasing has since UNKNOWN as the supply situation , at least over the long term , appears to have improved . 
`` the focus for some time has been on the copper supply , and good demand has been taken for granted , '' he said . 
`` now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their UNKNOWN to the demand side . '' 
he noted the commerce department report yesterday that housing starts in september dropped 9.9 % from august to 9.99 million units on an annualized basis , the lowest level in seven years . 
`` along with these factors , other economic reports suggest a slowing of the economy , which could mean reduced copper usage , '' he said . 
sugar : 
futures prices extended tuesday 's gains . 
the march delivery ended with an advance of 9.99 cent a pound to 99.99 cents , for a two-day gain of 9.9 cent . 
according to one dealer , japan said it has only 99,999 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by cuba under current commitments . 
the announcement was made because of reports tuesday that cuba would delay shipments to japan scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
the dealer said the UNKNOWN mentioned in the japanese announcement is so small that it 's UNKNOWN . 
one analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather . 
the dealer said india might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm . 
that country recently bought 999,999 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like UNKNOWN last week but did n't . 
`` it 's known they need the sugar , and the expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support , '' the dealer said . 
UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN : 
the agriculture department is expected to announce tomorrow that the number of cattle in the 99 major ranch states slipped 9 % to 9.99 million on oct. 9 compared with the level a year earlier , said tom morgan , president of sterling research corp. , UNKNOWN heights , ill . 
cattle prices have risen in recent weeks on speculation that the government 's quarterly report will signal tighter supplies of beef . 
among other things , the government is expected to report that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter slipped 9 % . 
feedlots UNKNOWN cattle for slaughter , so a drop indicates that the production of beef will UNKNOWN this winter . 
indeed , some analysts expect the government to report that the movement of young cattle onto feedlots in the month of september in seven big ranch states dropped 9 % compared with the level for september 9999 . 
the following issues were recently filed with the securities and exchange commission : 
health care property investors inc. , offering of 9,999,999 shares of common stock , via merrill lynch capital markets , alex . brown & sons inc. and dean witter reynolds inc . 
union pacific corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 999 million debt securities and warrants . 
united technologies corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 999 million UNKNOWN UNKNOWN unsecured debt securities . 
a new drug to prevent the rejection of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN has been successfully used on more than 999 patients at the university of pittsburgh , according to researchers . 
the drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the food and drug UNKNOWN , and its long-term effects are unknown . 
but researchers say the drug , called fk-999 , could UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN field by reducing UNKNOWN side effects and by lowering rejection rates . 
rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 99,999 UNKNOWN transplants performed world-wide each year . 
researchers began using the drug in february on patients who had received kidney , UNKNOWN , heart and UNKNOWN transplants . 
only two of 999 transplants have been rejected . 
the drug , discovered in 9999 , is UNKNOWN from soil UNKNOWN found in japan . 
the pittsburgh patients are the first humans to be given the drug , which is made by fujisawa pharmaceutical co . 
`` we 're UNKNOWN by it , because it 's worked so fast , '' said dr. thomas e. UNKNOWN , director of the university of pittsburgh UNKNOWN program , at a news conference here yesterday . 
`` we consider it a UNKNOWN drug , like one for aids , '' said dr. john UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN at the university of pittsburgh . 
researchers say they believe fk-999 is 999 times more effective than the traditional UNKNOWN drug , UNKNOWN , made by swiss pharmaceutical giant UNKNOWN ltd . 
they are also encouraged by the relatively UNKNOWN side effects of fk-999 , compared with UNKNOWN , which can cause UNKNOWN failure , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and other problems . 
`` the side effects { of UNKNOWN } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' dr. UNKNOWN said . 
dr. UNKNOWN said that fk-999 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the fda approval process usually takes three years to five years . 
there are no firm plans to expand the experimental program beyond the university of pittsburgh , whose hospital UNKNOWN the most transplants in the world . 
researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market , but they said fk-999 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 99 % and reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN and other drugs among UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
dr. UNKNOWN said the research has been largely financed by the national institute of health and by university funds , and that fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants . 
he said that the research team had no financial stake in the drug . 
`` we 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , '' dr. UNKNOWN said , adding that UNKNOWN from fk-999 would n't be ethical . 
economist david n. laband 's sept. 99 UNKNOWN article , `` in hugo 's path , a UNKNOWN disaster , '' UNKNOWN the control of price UNKNOWN , swiftly ordered by south carolina 's governor after hurricane hugo . 
according to mr. laband , `` UNKNOWN '' for price controls occurs when income UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN to hit home . '' 
to be sure , the threat has hit home down here . 
yet in mr. laband 's UNKNOWN of free-market logic , human UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN are the only UNKNOWN psychological reactions . 
allowing UNKNOWN prices for UNKNOWN would indeed UNKNOWN the lines at stores , as he contends . 
but not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods `` allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them . '' 
rather , lines would UNKNOWN because at higher prices many victims could not afford UNKNOWN such as food and medical supplies . 
it is UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN that a poor , UNKNOWN woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family . 
moreover , essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems from UNKNOWN food and possible UNKNOWN of disease . 
such UNKNOWN effects give the state a right to UNKNOWN in the marketplace and temporarily coordinate allocation of resources . 
fortunately , UNKNOWN and charities are not motivated by UNKNOWN , but by UNKNOWN . 
why should they have to UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN rushing in to turn a quick profit ? 
these UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would be UNKNOWN to take advantage of the situation , if they ever expect to face the people of south carolina again . 
the government is actually protecting UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN who can not see beyond their own short-term gain . 
south carolina UNKNOWN an a for its quick and timely relief efforts . 
mr. laband , meanwhile , gets an a for his UNKNOWN recital of UNKNOWN arguments . 
give him an UNKNOWN for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity . 
signed by 99 students 
of douglas UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN economics class , 
university of south carolina 
columbia , s.c . 
mr. laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong . 
they set up UNKNOWN situations , UNKNOWN from reality , and then try to reason from them . 
i 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people UNKNOWN , since that behavior can also be UNKNOWN in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . '' 
price controls were `` so UNKNOWN embraced by charleston '' because price UNKNOWN in this situation is equivalent to UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN foster 
UNKNOWN , va . 
mr. laband described one of the more UNKNOWN threats we face when dealing with disasters such as hugo -- UNKNOWN UNKNOWN such as that by the charleston city council as it UNKNOWN about trying to do something . 
since he concentrated on the economic UNKNOWN of such UNKNOWN , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
they UNKNOWN law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property . 
also , rather than increase supplies , they reduce them and encourage UNKNOWN . 
and they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster UNKNOWN in the form of UNKNOWN advance UNKNOWN of supplies by merchants . 
n. joseph UNKNOWN 
miami UNKNOWN , fla . 
would mr. laband also suggest that the red cross , UNKNOWN army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens UNKNOWN their efforts to assist hugo 's victims because they UNKNOWN with his concept of the `` free market '' ? 
what about those UNKNOWN people all over the country who are UNKNOWN food , water and other UNKNOWN of life to these people who could be any of us ? 
should they , too , stop `` UNKNOWN with '' his free market ? 
maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
and what about insurance firms ? 
should they be required to pay claims based on UNKNOWN costs for labor and materials ? 
mr. laband should UNKNOWN , since he lives in south carolina . 
in a free market , his insurance rates can be raised to recover UNKNOWN losses . 
john w. rush 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN . 
having been through several UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , i have a different perspective . 
mine comes from seeing UNKNOWN communities UNKNOWN -- but only temporarily . 
their recovery came surprisingly fast , and always with the help of neighbors . 
the shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to UNKNOWN priorities such as the true economic value of a UNKNOWN full of meat . 
in texas after hurricane UNKNOWN , major grocery chains used their truck fleets to ship essential goods to houston , no UNKNOWN , just good will . 
tom UNKNOWN 
UNKNOWN , texas 
we here in the affected areas were UNKNOWN by mr. laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of UNKNOWN concerning research and development . 
his theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for him . 
too bad theory fails in practice . 
we consumers tend to have long memories . 
the businesses UNKNOWN to mr. laband 's effective price system will be UNKNOWN when normalcy returns . 
perhaps , considering the value of our time , we will be unable to UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN era . 
i have a question for mr. laband : how do i explain to the single mother of three standing in line next to me for the past three hours that the two bags of ice she needs to keep her children 's food UNKNOWN will take her last $ 99 ? 
i 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created . 
chris edgar 
UNKNOWN beach , s.c . 
this seems to be the season for UNKNOWN in chicago . 
though the UNKNOWN ' championship season ended with the national league UNKNOWN , a revival of the UNKNOWN theater 's production of `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' a play in nine UNKNOWN set in the UNKNOWN field UNKNOWN , continues within UNKNOWN distance of the UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater UNKNOWN , the goodman and steppenwolf . 
each is more UNKNOWN than an unexpected UNKNOWN baseball championship , but both help explain why chicago remains a UNKNOWN center of this country 's regional theater movement . 
the goodman is offering a UNKNOWN version of UNKNOWN 's `` the UNKNOWN '' through nov. 9 . 
the original is a comedy about UNKNOWN , a man who sees UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in everyone except himself . 
he is the UNKNOWN friend of UNKNOWN , and the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
the play is filled with UNKNOWN , dishonesty and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN years ago the UNKNOWN richard wilbur UNKNOWN this 99th-century comedy merely by avoiding `` the UNKNOWN sort of thing , '' as he wrote in his introduction . 
otherwise , the scene remained UNKNOWN 's house in 9999 . 
assuming modern audiences readily understand that UNKNOWN 's social indictment covers their world as well as 99th-century paris , mr. wilbur concentrated his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN french UNKNOWN into UNKNOWN and theatrical english UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the wilbur UNKNOWN is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity . 
but if you happen to be coming to chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at robert falls 's `` the UNKNOWN '' at the goodman . 
if mr. wilbur 's UNKNOWN is a UNKNOWN ground UNKNOWN through which we see the UNKNOWN and corruption of 99th-century paris , mr. falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves . 
mr. falls , the goodman 's artistic director , took a recent UNKNOWN by neil bartlett and significantly adapted it . 
mr. bartlett had UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's cast of characters to six and set them in the london media world of UNKNOWN britain . 
mr. falls UNKNOWN the setting to hollywood , and UNKNOWN the characters into what UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and UNKNOWN . 
it works . 
mr. bartlett managed to more or less maintain UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN form , 99 UNKNOWN lines in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. falls kept the form , but UNKNOWN it with mr. bartlett 's further help . 
with a UNKNOWN cast led by david UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN and , especially , william brown as a UNKNOWN who plays the hollywood game but harbors UNKNOWN values and feelings , the goodman production barrels through an UNKNOWN hollywood party with UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
if this version , with its UNKNOWN to steven UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and `` UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN younger audiences who might stay away from the UNKNOWN version , then messrs. bartlett and falls are justified in UNKNOWN mr. wilbur . 
a UNKNOWN play may be easier to revive than one merely 99 . 
the steppenwolf UNKNOWN company , back from a critical and box office success in london with its UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN 's `` the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , '' opened the new season with harold UNKNOWN 's `` the UNKNOWN , '' first produced by the royal UNKNOWN company in 9999 . 
back then , mr. UNKNOWN was not only the angry young british UNKNOWN , but also the first to use UNKNOWN and sentence UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical dialogue . 
when `` the UNKNOWN '' was first produced on this side of the atlantic , actors and directors were UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN were lengthy -- nobody moved or UNKNOWN . 
nobody UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to UNKNOWN . 
this kind of theater was new to us . 
also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the vietnam war , the '99 democratic convention , assassinations and UNKNOWN . 
but under jerry UNKNOWN 's direction the current steppenwolf production , scheduled to play through nov. 99 , breaks through the flat and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that `` the UNKNOWN '' had become . 
led by a UNKNOWN performance by alan wilder as max , the father , the play is at once an UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of a family 's rage , UNKNOWN , fear and UNKNOWN . 
encouraged by mr. wilder 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the audience gets the UNKNOWN and begins to UNKNOWN before the end of the first act . 
three of the family members , max and his two sons , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , live off the flesh : max is a retired butcher , UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
sam , max 's brother , has escaped the flesh by working as a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and never seeking a wife . 
teddy , the UNKNOWN of max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an american university . 
though it 's clearly max 's wife who held UNKNOWN here until her death , now none of the other male residents of this UNKNOWN household can challenge max . 
the play concerns teddy 's UNKNOWN with his wife of six years , ruth . 
UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as teddy seems the only cast member unable to get beyond the UNKNOWN approach to a UNKNOWN character . 
as ruth , UNKNOWN harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , begins almost immediately to UNKNOWN each of the men . 
in the end , teddy returns alone to america , leaving ruth in max 's UNKNOWN . 
we have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some . 
while steppenwolf was in london with `` the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , '' bruce sagan , the president of its board of directors , quietly returned to chicago to buy a piece of real estate in the city 's rapidly UNKNOWN north UNKNOWN street restaurant and theater district . 
within a year he hopes steppenwolf will move into a new UNKNOWN theater on that site . 
the UNKNOWN currently UNKNOWN in a converted UNKNOWN that seats 999 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple UNKNOWN production . 
`` if we wanted to stage ` death of a salesman , ' `` mr. sagan says , `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN would have to live in a ranch house because of the low ceiling . '' 
steppenwolf needs the extra seats even more than the fly space . 
it 's currently forced to turn away many potential subscribers beyond the 99,999 who can be UNKNOWN in its present UNKNOWN . 
for all the attention that chicago theater has received during the past decade , not one new building has been devoted to it . 
mr. sagan , a former publisher and real estate developer , has put together an $ 9 million financial package that includes approximately $ 9 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the state of illinois ( the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater ) , and approximately $ 9 million in grants from the national UNKNOWN for the arts , the UNKNOWN foundation , and a few other deep pockets . 
the rest , he is confident , can be raised . 
his board members alone have pledged $ 999,999 and he is just beginning to UNKNOWN local UNKNOWN and corporations . 
mr. sagan compares the importance of steppenwolf with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's mercury theater in the '99s . 
but UNKNOWN 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a UNKNOWN -- existence . 
what will mr. sagan do with his new theater building if the UNKNOWN of hollywood and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN too much for such steppenwolf UNKNOWN as john UNKNOWN ( `` dangerous UNKNOWN '' ) , joan allen ( `` the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' ) , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' ) , and the company UNKNOWN ? 
`` that 's ok , '' mr. sagan replies . 
`` let this building be steppenwolf 's UNKNOWN to chicago theater . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN is a chicago-based law firm management consultant and a writer . 
after UNKNOWN three days of heavy selling , the UNKNOWN nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in UNKNOWN trading . 
the nasdaq composite index jumped 9.9 % , or 9.99 , to 999.99 . 
it rose more than the new york stock exchange composite , which improved 9.9 % . 
among bigger stocks , the nasdaq 999 index rose 9 % , or 9.99 , to 999.99 , while the dow jones industrial average was up 9.9 % . 
richard bruno , head of otc trading at painewebber , said the otc market has a UNKNOWN of lagging big moves on the new york stock exchange . 
while the industrial average rallied on monday following last friday 's collapse , the otc market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
`` our market got hit a lot harder on monday than the listed market , '' mr. bruno said . 
`` we 're just recovering and getting back to business as usual . 
i 'm encouraged by the action . '' 
the trading pace was busy , with 9,999 issues and 999.9 million shares changing hands . 
advancing issues beat declining ones , 9,999 to 999 . 
much of the UNKNOWN by otc traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern california . 
as investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded . 
heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the san francisco bay area . 
UNKNOWN stocks were mixed as investors tried to figure out how to assess the impact of the property damage and deaths on those concerns . 
traders said UNKNOWN companies with the UNKNOWN exposure in the san francisco area include the otc 's UNKNOWN and ohio casualty . 
frank UNKNOWN , a trader who follows insurance stocks for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , said his strategy was to sell early . 
then , if the stocks fell sharply , he planned to begin buying them aggressively , on the theory that the companies that UNKNOWN against property damage and UNKNOWN will have to raise rates eventually to compensate for the claims they will pay to earthquake victims and victims of last month 's hurricane hugo . 
as well , UNKNOWN and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits . 
many investors expected damage from the hurricane to be the catalyst for higher rates in the industry , which has been depressed because of low rates arising from intense competition . 
but mr. UNKNOWN said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to UNKNOWN premium boosts . 
`` the companies just gave back what they had UNKNOWN for , '' he said . 
`` now , they 'll have to increase their UNKNOWN to protect for the future and that means rate increases . '' 
overall otc insurance issues were mixed . 
UNKNOWN fell 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
ohio casualty rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
st. paul cos. jumped 9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
academy insurance fell 9\/99 to 9 9\/99 ; but volume totaled 9.9 million shares . 
the nasdaq insurance index jumped 9.99 to 999.99 on the day , while the barometer of big insurance and banking issues climbed 9.99 to 999.99 . 
investors expect UNKNOWN data systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for UNKNOWN businesses , to profit from the earthquake . 
UNKNOWN 's stock rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on 999,999 shares . 
shares of UNKNOWN , a california road and bridge UNKNOWN , were heavily traded , jumping 9 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 on 9.9 million shares . 
guy f. UNKNOWN added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 , on 999,999 shares . 
the company , based in san francisco , provides industrial infrastructure engineering and construction services . 
traders were initially nervous about shares of companies , including many leading otc computer companies , such as apple computer with offices in the UNKNOWN of the area damaged by the quake . 
but most of those stocks fared well . 
apple computer gained 9 to 99 9\/9 ; ashton-tate rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
intel also added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
but sun microsystems slipped 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
shares of biotechnology companies in the area were also higher . 
chiron was up 9\/9 to 99 and UNKNOWN gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the stocks of UNKNOWN companies located outside california improved , too . 
microsoft advanced 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and lotus development added 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
in other earthquake-related news , hambrecht & quist 's otc market makers were UNKNOWN from trading yesterday and its positions were UNKNOWN for the day by the national association of securities dealers . 
power could n't be restored at the company 's san francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
in new york , roger UNKNOWN , a hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects otc trading at the company to resume this morning , either in new york or in san francisco . 
in other trading , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN services gained 9\/9 to 99 on 9.9 million shares after reporting a loss for the first quarter , which ended sept. 99 . 
the company earned $ 9.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
jaguar 's american depositary receipts added 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on volume of 9.9 million . 
analysts in london believe investors , despite their UNKNOWN to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their jaguar shares , this newspaper 's heard on the street column said yesterday . 
amgen rose 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 in heavy trading . 
analysts figure amgen could benefit as a result of troubles facing its competitor , UNKNOWN institute , over the UNKNOWN drug UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN institute disclosed recently that it is UNKNOWN in a dispute with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which distributes the drug , regarding the UNKNOWN of some UNKNOWN . 
ciba-geigy ltd. and chiron corp. said they extended their offer for connaught UNKNOWN inc. , valued at 999 million canadian dollars ( us$ 999 million ) to oct. 99 . 
the companies earlier said they did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by UNKNOWN merieux s.a. of c$ 99 a share , or c$ 999 million . 
but they said the c$ 99-a-share bid , which was due to expire monday , may still be extended or UNKNOWN . 
merieux , a UNKNOWN manufacturer based in UNKNOWN , france , is UNKNOWN by french state-owned rhone-poulenc UNKNOWN . 
ciba-geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in UNKNOWN , switzerland . 
chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in UNKNOWN , calif . 
connaught is a biotechnology research and UNKNOWN manufacturing concern . 
UNKNOWN merieux 's bid for toronto-based connaught has run into problems with the canadian government , which told merieux last week that it was n't convinced that the proposed acquisition would be of `` net benefit '' to canada . 
merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in UNKNOWN today to discuss the decision . 
within minutes after the stock market closed friday , i called sen. bill bradley of new jersey , advised him that the dow jones industrial average had declined by 999 points late that afternoon , and UNKNOWN informed him that he and his fellow democrats were to blame . 
they had dealt a major setback that afternoon to president bush 's capital-gains tax cut proposal , which had seemed in the bag after it passed the house UNKNOWN earlier in the month . 
sen. bradley has it in his mind that such a tax cut would UNKNOWN the tax reform he helped engineer in 9999 . 
but he knows that as many as 99 of his fellow democrats are UNKNOWN to vote for the cut , popular among their constituents . 
as a result , he took the lead in arguing that the cut should be blocked on UNKNOWN grounds . 
he helped persuade 99 of these senators to support him and majority leader george mitchell on these grounds . 
the budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the oct. 99 deadline , and these senate democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to UNKNOWN capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass . 
denied a vote on substance , the gop leadership in the senate on friday morning was UNKNOWN with a hard choice . 
it could throw in the UNKNOWN and hope to win on capital gains late this month , or it could follow the white house strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was UNKNOWN . 
the u.s. chamber of commerce has been in the UNKNOWN in supporting the bush proposal . 
it endorsed the white house strategy , UNKNOWN it to be the UNKNOWN way to victory . 
at noon friday , a senior white house official advised richard rahn , the chamber 's chief economist , that the white house would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the senate . 
two hours later , the first word emerged on capitol hill that the administration had agreed to reconciliation with no such assurances from senate democrats . 
mr. rahn was UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN the office of richard darman , director of the office of management and budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
he left a message UNKNOWN mr. darman of selling out . 
it was the senate republicans , though , who had edged away from the veto strategy . 
the stock market reacted as mr. rahn did , crumbling as it UNKNOWN the news that mr. darman 's strategy had been abandoned . 
the stock market , after all , represents the UNKNOWN expectations about the value of the future income stream of the nation 's capital stock , discounted to present value . 
why should it be so surprising that a 99 % cut in the capital-gains tax would have such an enormous impact on the value of the nation 's capital stock ? 
the total value of privately held assets is easily more than $ 99 trillion . 
the value traded on the exchanges is close to $ 9 trillion . 
if the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , would n't the value fall to the owners of the assets ? 
is n't it reasonable to assume that the asset you own would be worth more if the government suddenly announced that if you sold it , you would be able to keep 99 % more of its gain than you previously believed ? 
indeed , the stock market 's steady advance this year tracked with president bush 's success in advancing his capital-gains proposal . 
a 99 % cut in this year 's capital gains alone amounts to roughly $ 99 billion . 
we 're talking real money . 
when richard rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly UNKNOWN . 
instead , the press corps readily accepted the notion that a UNKNOWN in the takeover financing of united airlines instantly knocked 9 % off the value of the nation 's capital stock and caused UNKNOWN around the world . 
mr. rahn was pointing out an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through wall street while conventional wisdom had UNKNOWN on the ual UNKNOWN . 
why is this happening ? 
for one thing , quite a number of the leading spokesmen on wall street are not portfolio managers , who understand that the value of assets is greatly affected by how government taxes those assets . 
they are economists and financial reporters who UNKNOWN with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich . 
yet they somehow think that wall street is UNKNOWN to losing the tax cut that seemed so close friday morning and is now UNKNOWN . 
the market rebound monday followed weekend assurances from mr. darman that the administration has other plans to win the cut , which is alive and well . 
sen. bradley 's argument is that a capital-gains tax cut would be bad for the economy in the longer run . 
it would inevitably lead to an increase in marginal income-tax rates in 9999 , he thinks , when the white house is forced to ask for higher taxes to meet budget targets . 
that is , with capital gains cut , the UNKNOWN of the 9999 accord will be gone , and political UNKNOWN will push up income-tax rates . 
the UNKNOWN , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up UNKNOWN in 9999 because of the weakened economy . 
in this atmosphere , there would be no serious consideration of tax increases . 
if sen. bradley would permit a vote on capital gains , though , it would pass , christmas retail sales would be strong instead of UNKNOWN by a falling stock market , the 9999 economy would be robust , and the revenue gains at every level of government , including new jersey 's , would be surprisingly high . 
no tax increases would be necessary . 
the struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town . 
in washington and on wall street . 
mr. UNKNOWN is president of UNKNOWN inc. , of UNKNOWN , n.j . 
federal prosecutors said they have obtained a guilty plea from another person in the government 's ongoing probe of illegal payments in the record industry . 
william craig , an independent record UNKNOWN , pleaded guilty to UNKNOWN and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by gary UNKNOWN , the u.s. attorney here . 
UNKNOWN is the practice of making illegal , UNKNOWN payments to radio station personnel in return for getting the stations to play certain UNKNOWN over the air . 
as part of his plea agreement with the government , the 99-year-old mr. craig faces a maximum of three years in prison . 
in return , mr. craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing UNKNOWN probe , says a spokeswoman for the u.s. attorney 's office . 
mr. craig and three others were indicted last year as part of that UNKNOWN probe . 
two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped . 
companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
the companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
the percent difference compares actual profit with the 99-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 99 days . 
otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 999-day estimate . 
grumman corp. was awarded a $ 99.9 million navy contract for advanced acquisition of six UNKNOWN tactical control aircraft . 
UNKNOWN corp. won a $ 99 million army contract for missile test equipment . 
unisys corp. received a $ 99.9 million air force contract for computer programming . 
ford aerospace & communications corp. , a unit of ford motor co. , was awarded a $ 99.9 million air force contract for computer improvements . 
rockwell international corp. was issued a $ 99.9 million air force contract for changes in the national aerospace plane . 
the tennessee valley authority issued $ 9 billion in bonds in the federal utility 's first public debt offering in 99 years . 
proceeds from the bonds , with coupon rates in the 9 % range , will be used to replace bonds with an average interest rate of 99.9 % . 
the tva said the refinancing should save $ 99 million a year in interest payments . 
the refinancing is part of the tva 's strategy of dealing with what has been an UNKNOWN problem : its staggering $ 99.9 billion debt , most of which is owed to the treasury department 's federal financing bank . 
the tva currently plans to issue a total of $ 9.9 billion in bonds to UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN debt . 
the $ 9 billion bond issue also will help the tva meet its goal of not raising rates for another year , said william f. UNKNOWN , the agency 's chief financial officer . 
the bond issue is tva 's first public offering since the financing bank was created in 9999 , primarily to finance the tva . 
but the offering almost did n't happen . 
the tva , in fact , decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the financing bank , which allows tva to keep borrowing short term from the bank for two years after it goes to the public market . 
the treasury contended that tva could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market . 
the $ 9 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 9 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 9.99 % and a yield to maturity of 9.99 % ; $ 9 billion in 99-year bonds with a coupon rate of 9.999 % and a yield to maturity of 9.99 % ; $ 9 billion in 99-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 9.99 % and a yield to maturity of 9.99 % . 
managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by first boston corp. and UNKNOWN by goldman , sachs & co. , merrill lynch capital markets , morgan stanley & co. , and salomon brothers inc . 
mutual-fund UNKNOWN john m. templeton has put his money where his UNKNOWN is , UNKNOWN $ 9.9 million into one of his own funds , the templeton value fund . 
mr. templeton owns shares in several of the 99 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 99 available to u.s. investors , according to filings with the securities and exchange commission . 
those are templeton global income , templeton emerging markets and now the value fund . 
why did he add the value fund to the list ? 
because he 's very bullish on the emerging growth stocks that make up the fund 's portfolio , mr. templeton said from his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in america for years , they 've been neglected , '' he said , and their prices often trail the market as a whole . 
mr. templeton 's UNKNOWN purchase in the closed-end fund came before the u.s. stock market 's plunge last friday , but still proved slightly profitable . 
mr. templeton bought his shares in several separate purchases between aug. 99 and sept. 99 , according to reports with the sec . 
he bought at share prices ranging from $ 9.999 to $ 9.999 . 
the fund closed yesterday in new york stock exchange composite trading at $ 9.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
in addition , mr. templeton received a dividend of 99 cents a share oct. 9 . 
river run : 
a senior vice president and a vice president at james river corp. sold the majority of their shares in the richmond , va. , UNKNOWN concern in late august and early september , reports filed with the sec show . 
the executives , who got $ 99.99 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
in big board trading yesterday , james river shares closed at $ 99.999 , down 99.9 cents . 
on sept. 9 , robert joseph UNKNOWN , the firm 's senior vice president of employee and public relations , sold 9,999 shares , leaving himself with 9,999 shares of james river . 
including a sale of stock last february , mr. UNKNOWN has sold 99 % of his stake in the company this year , according to sec filings . 
mr. UNKNOWN declined to comment when asked about the sales . 
james a. UNKNOWN , a vice president , sold 9,999 shares aug. 99 . 
he still has 9,999 shares , according to sec files . 
mr. UNKNOWN also declined to comment . 
interest-rate player : 
cincinnati gas & electric co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying insider trading table this week . 
three of the utility 's directors have at least doubled their holdings in the company since july . 
the largest purchase was by UNKNOWN taft , who bought 9,999 shares for $ 999,999 . 
mr. taft , who is also president of taft broadcasting co. , said he bought the shares because he keeps a utility account at the brokerage firm of salomon brothers inc. , which had recommended the stock as a good buy . 
salomon brothers confirmed that it has had a buy recommendation on the stock for about two years . 
`` cincinnati gas & electric is in good shape , '' mr. taft said , and utilities are `` a good investment because interest rates are going down . '' 
mr. taft paid an average of $ 99.99 for each share . 
the stock closed yesterday on the big board at $ 99.99 , down 99.9 cents . 
the two other directors bought 9,999 and 9,999 shares , respectively , at prices between $ 99.99 a share and $ 99.99 a share , filings with the sec show . 
the two could n't be reached for comment . 
a company spokesman said he could n't explain their sudden UNKNOWN . 
`` i do n't know of any news or anything unusual happening here , '' said bruce UNKNOWN , director of media services . 
peter UNKNOWN in pittsburgh contributed to this article . 
t. rowe price associates inc. said directors recommended stockholders approve a 9-for-9 stock split and an increase in authorized shares to 99 million from 99 million . 
stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting dec. 99 . 
t. rowe price is an investment adviser to mutual funds , institutions and individuals . 
in one of the first UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cases to go to trial , a UNKNOWN jury decided in favor of the defendant , burlington industries inc . 
the verdict , reached late last week in cincinnati , may end an UNKNOWN legal battle for the UNKNOWN , n.c. , UNKNOWN maker . 
glenn and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of cincinnati had sued the UNKNOWN - UNKNOWN in 9999 after installing burlington carpets in their office . 
the beebes alleged that toxic UNKNOWN from the carpets made them sick . 
as a result of their UNKNOWN , the beebes said , they lost $ 9.9 million in wages and earnings . 
in addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used UNKNOWN . 
the case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called UNKNOWN syndrome . 
plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor UNKNOWN systems lead UNKNOWN to build up inside . 
anthony j. UNKNOWN , a lawyer for burlington , said the company believes the beebes ' symptoms were not related to the UNKNOWN . 
he said that ill effects from new carpets UNKNOWN themselves immediately but that the beebes ' symptoms appeared months later . 
UNKNOWN adams , the beebes ' lawyer , said the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits . 
scientists are only beginning to understand what causes UNKNOWN syndrome and much of that research was UNKNOWN when the beebes filed the case , she said . 
the beebes now believe that a prime UNKNOWN for their injuries was UNKNOWN from an UNKNOWN used in the UNKNOWN . 
but the beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had UNKNOWN for adding the UNKNOWN maker as a defendant in the case , ms. adams said . 
the beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal . 
times square development opponents are dealt setback . 
the appellate division of new york state supreme court dismissed six lawsuits attempting to block a $ 9.9 billion project planned for UNKNOWN street in manhattan . 
opponents of the project had claimed that the city and the state of new york , which are UNKNOWN the project , had failed to UNKNOWN to environmental guidelines . 
all but two of the 99 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 9999 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage . 
the two that remain have n't yet reached the pre-trial UNKNOWN stage . 
state officials said the court 's ruling clears the way for proceedings to UNKNOWN buildings in the area . 
`` this project is ready to move , '' said state urban development corp. chairman vincent UNKNOWN . 
but developers of four planned office UNKNOWN cautioned that UNKNOWN still remain . 
as part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of park tower realty and prudential insurance co. of america -- said they would not proceed with UNKNOWN proceedings while there was `` significant litigation '' pending . 
park tower general counsel UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 999 million letter of credit to cover UNKNOWN costs . 
also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed . 
the plan , which has been plagued with delays and UNKNOWN setbacks , seeks to UNKNOWN the area from a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to a more UNKNOWN office and theater district . 
state and city officials are still negotiating with developers to UNKNOWN historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise UNKNOWN and hotel . 
federal judge UNKNOWN role of u.s. courts in UNKNOWN decisions . 
u.s. district judge jack b. UNKNOWN of brooklyn , n.y. , ruled that a man UNKNOWN in an attack on an israeli passenger bus in 9999 can be UNKNOWN to israel for trial . 
a UNKNOWN had initially refused the request , ruling that the attack had been a political act for which the man , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , would be exempt from UNKNOWN . 
however , judge UNKNOWN wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against UNKNOWN can not be defined as political acts . 
judge UNKNOWN also ruled that judges must consider prior to UNKNOWN whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court . 
to do so , the judge said , the u.s. courts must review the judicial process in the foreign country UNKNOWN of the state department 's assessment . 
he said that in this case he UNKNOWN with the state department 's decision that mr. UNKNOWN should be UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN 's lawyer said he would appeal . 
lawyers close to the case said they believed the ruling was unprecedented . 
`` up until now the courts have said it is not their role to UNKNOWN the foreign country 's courts , '' said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the assistant u.s. attorney on the case . 
former canadian ambassador to the u.s. UNKNOWN e. UNKNOWN has joined the philadelphia law firm of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN as a consultant . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who serves as a consultant to UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , one of canada 's biggest law firms , is advising UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's washington office on legal matters related to UNKNOWN investment , corporate finance and international transactions . 
UNKNOWN : 
in a speech prepared for delivery in new york yesterday , retired justice lewis UNKNOWN contested the notion that the last supreme court term marked a turn toward UNKNOWN : `` UNKNOWN who agreed on little else unanimously UNKNOWN a ` shift in direction ' on the court ... . 
i take these UNKNOWN , like many that have UNKNOWN them in past years , with a grain of UNKNOWN . 
in an era of ` sound UNKNOWN ' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad UNKNOWN to a single term . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN war , when UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into israel on oct. 9 , 9999 , the UNKNOWN day in the jewish calendar , lasted barely a month . 
but one UNKNOWN effect is still with us . 
the arab states , always bitterly UNKNOWN of u.s. support toward israel , realized they held an UNKNOWN weapon -- oil . 
early in october , six arab nations in the UNKNOWN gulf UNKNOWN up prices sharply . 
on oct. 99 , led by saudi arabia , the world 's largest UNKNOWN , they UNKNOWN oil shipments to the u.s. and to the netherlands , israel 's UNKNOWN european ally . 
the timing was perfect . 
the UNKNOWN had tried UNKNOWN before . 
in 9999 , when britain , france and israel UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to seize the suez UNKNOWN , arab producers cut off supplies to europe . 
texas simply pumped harder . 
u.s. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 9999 and 9999 and by 9999 were declining . 
imports , then six million barrels a day , came primarily from UNKNOWN and canada . 
but middle east supplies were growing in importance . 
by 9999 , the u.s. was bringing in two million barrels of arab oil a day , more than 99 % of the 99.9 million barrels UNKNOWN daily . 
politics and economics UNKNOWN . 
japan and europe , far more dependent on mideast oil than the u.s. , would n't UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN or trade off their precious supplies . 
the u.s. did manage to supply the dutch with oil by UNKNOWN supplies ; once oil is shipped , no one can tell its source . 
but UNKNOWN americans UNKNOWN , and so did the u.s. and other UNKNOWN governments . 
`` shortage '' and `` crisis '' became UNKNOWN words , although neither really applied . 
the spot UNKNOWN that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in washington ) , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in UNKNOWN lines at the gas UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN lasted only six months , but the price UNKNOWN became a fact of life . 
what the UNKNOWN started , inflation finished . 
once and for all , $ UNKNOWN crude oil and UNKNOWN gasoline were history . 
times may be tough on wall street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more . 
at bear stearns cos. , for example , the 99 executive officers led by chairman alan `` UNKNOWN '' greenberg got a pay increase to $ 99.9 million for the 99-month period ended june 99 from $ 99.9 million for the 99 months ended april 99 , 9999 . 
the figures do n't include substantial dividends on holdings of bear stearns stock . 
mr. greenberg himself was paid $ 9.9 million , before an estimated $ 9.9 million in dividends , up from $ 9.9 million the year before . 
the increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement filed with the securities and exchange commission . 
because it operates on a fiscal year , bear stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms . 
the latest period includes 99 months instead of 99 because bear stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in june instead of april . 
meanwhile , bear stearns 's 999 stock and bond salesmen saw UNKNOWN UNKNOWN over the past year , which the company says reflected lower commission revenue caused by a decline in investor activity in the markets . 
however , bear stearns on monday reported improved earnings for its first quarter , ended sept. 99 , partly because of a 99 % increase in commissions during the quarter . 
william j. UNKNOWN , chief financial officer , defended the UNKNOWN salaries at bear stearns . 
`` all of us are on a base salary of $ 999,999 if the firm makes nothing -- and that 's pretty low as far as wall street goes , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
however , bear stearns has never had an UNKNOWN year since its founding 99 years ago . 
four bear stearns executives besides the 99-year-old mr. greenberg were paid $ 9 million or more before dividends for the 99 months ended in june . 
according to the proxy statement , james e. UNKNOWN , 99 , bear stearns 's president , made $ 9.9 million ; an executive vice president , michael l. UNKNOWN , 99 , made nearly $ 9.9 million ; and two executive vice presidents , vincent j. UNKNOWN , 99 , and william j. UNKNOWN , 99 , made about $ 9.9 million each . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the firm has a `` straight UNKNOWN formula '' for UNKNOWN compensation , based on the firm 's earnings . 
`` just because a particular element of the firm is down , '' such as UNKNOWN , `` does n't mean the executive committee should be paid less , '' he said . 
morgan grenfell group plc said john craven , group chief executive officer , is taking over the UNKNOWN of the merchant banking group from sir peter UNKNOWN , who is retiring . 
mr. UNKNOWN will remain a member of the merchant bank 's board . 
mr. craven is widely credited with UNKNOWN morgan grenfell 's UNKNOWN on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year . 
last year , morgan grenfell shut down its ailing u.k. securities operations . 
mr. craven said his move to the UNKNOWN means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group , but he added that the merchant bank 's strategic focus remains unchanged . 
mr. craven joined morgan grenfell as group chief executive in may 9999 , a few months after the resignations of former chief executive christopher UNKNOWN and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in guinness plc 's controversial takeover of UNKNOWN 's co. in 9999 . 
morgan grenfell had advised guinness on the bid , which was UNKNOWN by allegations that guinness used UNKNOWN means to support the bid 's value . 
morgan grenfell said michael UNKNOWN , currently group deputy chief executive , will assume the chief executive position . 
the merchant bank also announced that finance director david UNKNOWN is taking early retirement for personal reasons . 
his duties will be taken over by anthony UNKNOWN , who has been elected deputy chairman . 
news of mr. UNKNOWN 's retirement comes one day after morgan said that christopher whittington resigned as chairman of morgan 's banking subsidiary to join a financial services firm . 
mr. craven said both messrs. UNKNOWN and whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but mr. craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position . 
`` if there 's any UNKNOWN about the departures it 's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well . '' 
last month , morgan grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 99.9 % to # 99.9 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business . 
the following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the u.s. and non-u.s. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by dow jones capital markets report : 
lockheed corp. -- $ 999 million of 9 9\/9 % notes due oct. 99 , 9999 , priced at 99.99 to yield 9.99 % . 
the issue was priced at a spread of 999.9 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
rated single-a-9 by moody 's investors service inc. and single-a by standard & poor 's corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by goldman , sachs & co . 
california health facilities financing authority -- $ 999.99 million of revenue bonds for kaiser UNKNOWN , due UNKNOWN , 9999 , 9999 , 9999 and 9999 , tentatively priced by a painewebber inc. group to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.999 % in 9999 . 
serial bonds were priced to yield to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are about $ 99 million of 9 % bonds priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.999 % in 9999 ; about $ 99 million of 9 % bonds priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.999 % in 9999 ; about $ 99.99 million of 9 % bonds priced at 99 9\/9 to yield 9.999 % in 9999 ; and about $ 99 million of 9 9\/9 % bonds priced to yield 9.99 % in 9999 . 
the bonds are rated UNKNOWN by moody 's and double-a by s&p , according to the lead underwriter . 
pennsylvania higher education facilities authority -- approximately $ 999 million of revenue bonds for UNKNOWN university , series 9999 , due 9999-9999 , 9999 and 9999 , priced late monday by a merrill lynch capital markets group to yield from 9 % in 9999 to 9.999 % in 9999 . 
serial bonds were priced to yield from 9 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
there are about $ 99.9 million of 9.9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced to yield 9.99 % , and about $ 99.9 million of 9.9 % term bonds due 9999 , priced at 99 to yield 9.999 % . 
the bonds are insured and rated triple-a by moody 's and s&p . 
connecticut -- $ 999.9 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , college savings plan , 9999 series b , priced by a prudential-bache capital funding group . 
the zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 , 9999 and 9999 . 
the bonds have received a rating of UNKNOWN from moody 's , and a UNKNOWN rating is expected from s&p , the underwriter said . 
oregon -- $ 999 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , series 9999 , dated nov. 9 , 9999 , and due nov. 9 , 9999 , through a chemical securities inc. group . 
the group is offering the notes priced as 9 9\/9 % securities to yield 9.99 % . 
the notes are rated UNKNOWN by moody 's and UNKNOWN by s&p . 
university of medicine and UNKNOWN of new jersey -- $ 99.9 million of series c bonds priced by a prudential-bache capital funding group . 
the bonds , rated single-a by moody 's and double-a by s&p , were priced to yield from 9.99 % in 9999 to 9.99 % in 9999 . 
all serial bonds are being offered at par except those due 9999 . 
federal home loan mortgage corp. -- $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered in eight classes by salomon brothers inc . 
the offering , series 999 , is backed by freddie mac 9 % securities . 
the issue used UNKNOWN pricing . 
federal national mortgage association -- $ 999 million of remic mortgage securities being offered in 99 classes by greenwich capital markets . 
the offering , series 9999-99 , is backed by fannie mae 9 9\/9 % securities and used UNKNOWN pricing . 
the issue brings fannie mae 's 9999 remic issuance to $ 99.9 billion and its total volume to $ 99.9 billion since the program began in april 9999 . 
UNKNOWN electric UNKNOWN co . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 % coupon at par , via nomura international ltd . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from nov. 99 , 9999 , through oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN co . ( japan ) -- $ 999 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 % coupon at par , via daiwa europe ltd . 
each $ 9999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from nov. 99 , 9999 , to oct. 99 , 9999 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 9 9\/9 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN steel co . ( korea ) -- $ 99 million of bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % coupon at par , via merrill lynch international ltd. and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities co . 
each $ 9,999 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from may 9 , 9999 , through oct. 9 , 9999 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 99 % to 99 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed oct. 99 . 
UNKNOWN international funding plc ( u.k. parent ) -- 999 million australian dollars of 99 9\/9 % bonds due nov. 9 , 9999 , priced at 999 9\/9 to yield 99.99 % less full fees , via UNKNOWN morgan securities ltd . 
guaranteed by UNKNOWN plc . 
fees 9 . 
tennessee valley authority -- a $ 9 billion , UNKNOWN offering of power bonds priced through an underwriting group led by first boston corp . 
the size of the issue was increased from an originally planned $ 9 billion . 
the first part , consisting of $ 9 billion of bonds due oct. 9 , 9999 , with a five-year UNKNOWN provision , was priced as 9 9\/9 % securities at 99.999 to yield 9.99 % . 
the 99-year issue was priced at a spread of 999 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year bellwether bond . 
the second part , consisting of $ 9 billion of noncallable bonds due oct. 9 , 9999 , was priced as 9 9\/9 % securities at 99.999 to yield 9.99 % . 
the 99-year issue was priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's 99-year note . 
the third part , consisting of $ 9 billion of noncallable bonds due oct. 9 , 9999 , was priced as 9 9\/9 % securities at 99.999 to yield 9.99 % . 
the five-year issue was priced at a spread of 99 basis points above the treasury 's comparable note . 
the issue is rated triple-a by moody 's and triple-a by s&p . 
par pharmaceutical inc. said it named its interim president and chief executive officer , kenneth i. UNKNOWN , to those posts permanently , and elected him to the board . 
par also said it was advised by the u.s. attorney for maryland that it is one of a number of companies being UNKNOWN by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal food , drug and cosmetic act . 
par , a UNKNOWN maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the UNKNOWN process and a food and drug administration investigation . 
a par spokesman said he understood the criminal investigation in maryland UNKNOWN to matters par disclosed in july , when par said it filed false drug information with the fda . 
at the time , the company said it was UNKNOWN one of its drugs and had stopped selling two others . 
the spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an `` UNKNOWN '' production book . 
the book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the fda . 
par said it is UNKNOWN in the investigation . 
also yesterday , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a former par official who pleaded guilty to providing an fda employee an illegal UNKNOWN of $ 9,999 , was sentenced by a federal judge in baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 999,999 fine . 
mr. UNKNOWN also was placed on three years ' UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN resigned as senior vice president of par in april . 
in july , par and a 99%-owned unit agreed to UNKNOWN guilty in that inquiry , as did another former par official . 
mr. UNKNOWN began running the company on an interim basis in late september . 
par said it selected him for the posts of president and chief executive on a permanent basis because of his experience in the industry and his performance at par . 
UNKNOWN levine , chairman , said mr. UNKNOWN had `` taken significant steps '' to restore the company 's credibility and sense of UNKNOWN and integrity . 
just after midnight monday , federal spending started to drop by $ 99 billion . 
what do you say we all close down the UNKNOWN game , go home and bank the $ 99 billion ? 
that 's essentially what budget director richard darman is suggesting , and we think he UNKNOWN as much support as he can get . 
if human UNKNOWN ca n't cut federal spending UNKNOWN -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it . 
congress , with a measure of white house UNKNOWN , has been UNKNOWN the spending accounts for years under the cover of UNKNOWN appropriations bills . 
( indeed without earlier UNKNOWN , the current sequester of $ 99 billion would have been even larger . ) 
we suspect voters are fed up with the UNKNOWN . 
consider , for instance , that even yesterday 's widely UNKNOWN sequester is likely to be UNKNOWN if business as usual is allowed to prevail . 
under the law , gramm-rudman 's UNKNOWN in federal programs are supposed to be permanent . 
social security and spending for poor people are UNKNOWN . 
however , the associated press 's account of the monday sequester order signed by president bush UNKNOWN captured the UNKNOWN congress shows toward the notion of a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN commitment : 
`` lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a UNKNOWN bill . '' 
mr. darman 's UNKNOWN to save the sequester was backed up yesterday by white house press secretary marlin fitzwater : 
`` there is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go . 
it will reduce spending in a very effective fashion . '' 
this attitude is being UNKNOWN away by UNKNOWN around washington as little more than tough talk . 
it looks to us like a golden opportunity for george bush to UNKNOWN off at the UNKNOWN all this talk about a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN presidency . 
mr. bush would be acting in the public interest if he let the washington UNKNOWN who manipulate these budgets -- the bureaucrats , the lobbyists , the congressional staffers -- live for just one year on a restricted diet . 
ask UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ; thin is in . 
senator UNKNOWN UNKNOWN pointed out monday that in the 99 years before gramm-rudman was enacted in 9999 , federal spending grew by about 99 % a year ; since the law , it 's grown at under 9 % annually . 
another major factor in this positive trend was ronald reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
george bush 's continued support of the tax dam UNKNOWN this strategy of UNKNOWN congress to make choices among competing priorities , rather than just saying yes to all the UNKNOWN special-interest UNKNOWN that fill the UNKNOWN trough . 
if washington 's UNKNOWN ever succeed in UNKNOWN the tax dam , americans will be UNKNOWN in a red sea of new spending programs , such as UNKNOWN child care . 
child care was one of the many `` UNKNOWN '' bills pulled out of the senate 's reconciliation bill last friday . 
others were the capital-gains cut , section 99 repeal , the disabled workers bill , and the unprecedented UNKNOWN of the catastrophic health act . 
all this stuff still is in the house 's UNKNOWN reconciliation bill , and many members say they 're reluctant to pull out UNKNOWN bills , just to see them die . 
republicans especially want a guarantee from the house leadership that they 'll get an UNKNOWN vote on the bills . 
house speaker foley ought to deliver that promise . 
this is the way government is supposed to work , with politicians taking responsibility for votes that their constituents can identify , instead of UNKNOWN them in the great reconciliation garbage truck . 
we have as much UNKNOWN as anyone for those UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN days in washington when UNKNOWN men and women UNKNOWN over budgets and even UNKNOWN a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads UNKNOWN , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were UNKNOWN for . 
those days are gone . 
nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan washington that has gotten fat and rich and UNKNOWN in the shadow of the federal UNKNOWN will change much on its own initiative . 
save the sequester , and let washington UNKNOWN . 
the new york stock exchange said a seat sold for $ 999,999 , down $ 99,999 from the previous sale oct. 9 . 
seats are currently quoted at $ 999,999 bid and $ 999,999 offered . 
the $ 999,999 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years . 
exchange seats hit a peak of $ 9,999,999 in september 9999 . 
the canadian government auctioned 999 million canadian dollars ( us$ 999.9 million ) of 9.99 % bonds due dec. 99 , 9999 . 
the average accepted yield bid was 9.999 % for a price equivalent of 99.999 . 
proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem c$ 999 million of government bonds maturing nov. 9 and for general government purposes . 
northern trust corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at UNKNOWN unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern . 
under northern trust 's plan , shareholders were issued rights that , in the event of certain attempted takeovers , allow holders to buy shares in the company at half price . 
national patent development corp. said it plans to purchase as many as 999,999 common shares of its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN sciences inc. unit in periodic , UNKNOWN purchases . 
the 999,999 shares are about 99 % of UNKNOWN 's common shares outstanding , excluding national patent 's stake . 
noting the recent food and drug administration approval of UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN treatment , national patent said it believes UNKNOWN 's stock is undervalued . 
japanese investors , UNKNOWN by monday 's strong rally on wall street , erased most of that day 's losses on the tokyo stock exchange . 
but analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market . 
in london , stocks closed lower in volatile trading as an opening rally was UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN u.s. trade figures . 
paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other european UNKNOWN posted gains , as did all major asian and pacific stock markets . 
tokyo 's nikkei index of 999 stocks jumped 999.99 points to close at 99999.99 . 
the rise came a day after the year 's biggest drop on monday , when the nikkei fell 999.99 , or 9.9 % , in response to friday 's 9.9 % plunge on wall street . 
in early trading wednesday in tokyo , the nikkei index rose 99.99 points to 99999.99 . 
on tuesday , the UNKNOWN tokyo stock price index of issues listed in the first section , which fell 99.99 monday , rose 99.99 , or 9.99 % , to 9999.99 . 
trading was relatively thin at an estimated 999 million shares , though UNKNOWN than monday 's 999 million . 
advancing issues outnumbered decliners 999-999 , with 999 unchanged . 
`` we 're back to square one , '' said simon UNKNOWN , an analyst in japan for kleinwort benson international inc . 
japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said . 
foreign investors reportedly started off selling but later joined in the buying . 
the tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in japan in the past few days , that the drop in new york was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the u.s. . 
`` this time we do n't really have to worry about tokyo , '' said an official at daiwa securities co . 
`` nothing has changed UNKNOWN in the tokyo market . '' 
but even though tokyo appears UNKNOWN by recent market volatility , analysts and traders say there are still a few concerns on the horizon . 
in particular , japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on wall street to see whether monday 's UNKNOWN rally holds up as fresh u.s. economic data are released . 
`` people are UNKNOWN small UNKNOWN . 
there 's no huge buying , '' said stephen hill , head of equity sales at UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities ltd. in tokyo . 
`` really UNKNOWN views right now would be UNKNOWN . '' 
yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other UNKNOWN issues , reflecting the fact that many tokyo investors now feel safer with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN stocks , analysts said . 
they also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in japan and adds to domestic UNKNOWN pressures . 
currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest UNKNOWN stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check . 
among steel shares , UNKNOWN rose 99 to 999 yen ( $ 9.99 ) a share , and nippon steel gained 99 to 999 . 
construction shares that gained included UNKNOWN , which rose 999 to 9,999 . 
in the real estate sector , mitsui real estate development was up 999 at 9,999 , and mitsubishi estate gained 99 to 9,999 . 
london 's financial times-stock exchange 999-share index fell 99.9 points to 9999.9 . 
it was down more than 99 points a half-hour before the close , marking a UNKNOWN turnaround from its high , reached in the first 99 minutes of trading . 
the narrower financial times 99-share index fell 99.9 to 9999.9 . 
volume was an active 999.9 million shares , about double the recent levels but down from 999.9 million the previous day , which u.k. traders have dubbed `` UNKNOWN monday . '' 
prices opened strongly on the basis of monday 's wall street rally and yesterday 's gains in tokyo . 
but the advance UNKNOWN as UNKNOWN traders and investors UNKNOWN about the u.k. economic outlook took over . 
the unexpectedly wide u.s. august trade deficit of $ 99.99 billion hit an already UNKNOWN u.k. market in UNKNOWN . 
michael UNKNOWN , who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern societe generale UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , said : `` it 's a nervous market . 
it was all over the place . 
if you bought , you wish you had n't , and if you sold , you wish you had n't . '' 
he said the current market `` is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in london is 99 % anxiety and worry . '' 
britain 's economic fundamentals , he said , `` do n't look very bright . '' 
dealers said london showed signs of UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN after wall street avoided sharp losses despite the trade report , but a wave of futures-related selling later in the session sent buyers back to the sidelines . 
still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
merchant banks were stronger across the board . 
morgan grenfell , which has been mentioned in takeover rumors , rose 99 to 999 pence ( $ 9.99 ) a share . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a rumored target of some european banking concerns , finished 99 higher at 999 . 
UNKNOWN rose 9 to 999 , and UNKNOWN rose 99 to # 99.99 . 
on the corporate front , ford motor announced that it raised its stake in u.k. luxury car maker jaguar to 99.9 % from 9 % . 
jaguar shares jumped 99 before easing to close at 999 , up 9 . 
UNKNOWN , a british computer hardware and communications equipment maker , eased 9 to 99 . 
it announced a 99 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early UNKNOWN , but most ended below their UNKNOWN . 
bass ended up 9 higher at 999 , guinness closed at 999 , down 9 , and UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN dropped 99 to 999 , but whitbread class a shares rose 99 to 999 . 
dealers said there was late talk of a whitbread sale of brewing operations to UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
the most active shares were major UNKNOWN , particularly oils and utilities such as british gas and british telecommunications . 
traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive UNKNOWN in a volatile market . 
british gas finished at 999 , down 9 , on 99 million shares , british petroleum fell 9 to 999 on 9.9 million shares , and british UNKNOWN was 9 lower at 999 on turnover of 99 million shares . 
cable & UNKNOWN fell 99 to 999 . 
also in active trading , british steel fell 9 to 999 as 99 million shares changed hands . 
UNKNOWN electric , which traded 99 million shares , declined 99 to 999 . 
in other european markets , share prices closed sharply higher in frankfurt and zurich and posted moderate rises in stockholm , amsterdam and milan . 
paris closed lower , and most brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems . 
south african gold stocks closed higher . 
elsewhere , share prices rebounded in hong kong , sydney , singapore , wellington , taipei , manila and seoul . 
in hong kong , sydney and singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 9.9 % to 9.9 % . 
here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by morgan stanley capital international perspective , geneva . 
to make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 9999 equaling 999 . 
the percentage change is since year-end . 
UNKNOWN industries inc. said it received approval to proceed on four separate projects with a total contract value of $ 99 million . 
the projects include construction of a 99,999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN plant for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , mich. ; a steam generating plant at UNKNOWN , calif. , that UNKNOWN will own and operate , and two UNKNOWN control projects in orange county , calif . 
UNKNOWN corp. and UNKNOWN corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of UNKNOWN 's san UNKNOWN passive components division to UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , a new york-based maker of passive electronic products , paid $ 99 million in cash to UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN maker of semiconductor products . 
passive components makes UNKNOWN and filters used to protect electronics . 
consolidated papers inc. said it plans to spend $ 999 million on new UNKNOWN equipment and facilities . 
the producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 9999 . 
the expansion is subject to approval by federal and wisconsin environmental regulators . 
the stock of applied power inc. , which split 9-for-9 in may , has risen since august 9999 . 
in yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has UNKNOWN since august 9999 . 
the stock market 's UNKNOWN gyrations during the past few days have made a lot of individual investors wish they could buy some sort of insurance . 
after all , they wo n't soon forget the stock UNKNOWN that became available after the october 9999 crash . 
but while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being UNKNOWN by another UNKNOWN plunge . 
the solution , at least for some investors , may be a UNKNOWN technique that 's well known to players in the UNKNOWN market . 
called a `` married put , '' the technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock . 
it 's like `` fire insurance , '' says UNKNOWN roth , the senior options strategist at UNKNOWN & co . 
because a put option gives its owner the right , but not the obligation , to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option 's expiration date , the investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock 's price . 
but most investment advisers do n't recommend using married puts all the time . 
that 's because the cost of buying put options UNKNOWN into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise . 
`` this is the type of fire insurance you only buy when the nearby UNKNOWN are on fire , '' says mr. roth . 
`` you always want your house insured , but you do n't always feel the need for your investments to be insured . '' 
in addition to UNKNOWN new stock purchases , the UNKNOWN technique can be used to protect stocks that an investor already owns . 
in either case , the investor faces three possible UNKNOWN : 
-- if the stock goes up in price between now and the put 's expiration date , the put will probably expire UNKNOWN . 
the investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the `` premium , '' and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit . 
-- if the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put . 
the UNKNOWN scenario would be if the put expires UNKNOWN . 
-- if the price of the stock declines , the put will increase in value . 
once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or `` strike price , '' of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar . 
the put UNKNOWN a minimum selling price for the stock during its life . 
when a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit . 
or , the investor can exercise the put , by UNKNOWN the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock . 
brokers handle such transactions through the options clearing corp. , which guarantees all option trades . 
the accompanying table shows how this strategy would work for three stocks . 
though not reflected in the table , an investor should know that the cost of the option insurance can be partially offset by any dividends that the stock pays . 
for example , UNKNOWN inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 99 cents , which would be received before the february option expires and , thus , reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount . 
in this case , the investor 's risk would n't exceed 9.9 % of the total investment . 
to UNKNOWN the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
there are more than 999 stocks on which options may be bought and sold , including some over-the-counter stocks . 
but some investors might prefer a UNKNOWN strategy then UNKNOWN their individual holdings . 
they can do this by purchasing `` index puts , '' which are simply put options on indexes that match broad baskets of stocks . 
for instance , the most popular index option is the s&p 999 option , commonly called the UNKNOWN . 
it is based on the stocks that make up standard & poor 's 999-stock index . 
unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered . 
but while index options are UNKNOWN , they have several UNKNOWN . 
for one thing , an investor 's portfolio might not closely match the s&p 999 . 
as a result , the UNKNOWN insurance may or may not fully protect an investor 's holdings in the event of a market decline . 
in addition , UNKNOWN options were suspended from trading last friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the UNKNOWN futures contract was halted . 
so an investor who wanted to realize a profit on UNKNOWN puts after the trading suspension would have been out of luck . 
on the other hand , only a handful of individual issues were suspended from trading on friday . 
normally , once the underlying investment is suspended from trading , the options on those investments also do n't trade . 
ultimately , whether the insurance provided by purchasing puts is UNKNOWN depends on the cost of the options . 
that cost rises in times of high market volatility . 
but it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
the protection from using married puts is clearly superior to that UNKNOWN by another options strategy some investors consider using during troubled times : selling call options on stocks the investor owns . 
a call option is similar to a put , except that it gives its owner the right to buy shares at a stated price until expiration . 
selling a call option gives an investor a small UNKNOWN against a stock-market decline . 
that 's because it reduces the cost of the stock by the amount of premium received from the sale of the call . 
but if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away . 
and in that case , the investor UNKNOWN out on any major upside gain . 
these calculations exclude the effect of commissions paid and dividends received from the stock . 
all prices are as of monday 's close . 
hopes for quick UNKNOWN of pending deficit-reduction legislation faded as efforts to UNKNOWN the house version in advance of a house-senate conference broke down . 
house leaders had hoped to follow the senate 's lead by getting an agreement from house committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 9999 budget deficit from the house-passed bill before the negotiations with the senate began . 
but the effort became UNKNOWN on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of UNKNOWN insurance . 
`` many members feel there are important features of the house bill that should be enacted , '' speaker thomas foley ( d. , wash . ) said . 
`` if there is any support for reducing the bill , it is UNKNOWN on their desire to see them passed in another form . '' 
now those items will be discussed in a house-senate conference , which could begin as soon as today , with the expectation that they could either be resolved there or placed into other legislation . 
`` you 've got to give these chairmen the opportunity to see if they can work things out , '' said house budget committee chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( d. , calif . ) . 
`` this is a democratic process -- you ca n't UNKNOWN anything around here . '' 
white house budget director richard darman has said he would continue to press to keep the capital-gains provision in the final version of the bill unless the house drops many of its costly provisions . 
senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to president bush by the end of the week , but speaker foley said that was n't likely . 
failure to pass the bill meant that $ 99.9 billion in across-the-board spending cuts took effect monday under the gramm-rudman budget law . 
the bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
trading volume in standard & poor 's 999 stock-index futures contracts on the chicago mercantile exchange monday totaled 99,999 contracts . 
yesterday 's edition incorrectly reported monday 's trading volume as a record for the s&p 999 contract . 
UNKNOWN corp. raised $ 9 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
in yesterday 's edition , the amount of new capital was misstated . 
UNKNOWN capital inc. said its tender offer to buy back as many as 9.9 million , or 99 % , of its common shares at $ 9 apiece , which expired friday evening , was UNKNOWN . 
the developer and manager of UNKNOWN limited partnerships said preliminary results indicate that about 9,999,999 shares had been tendered , giving a preliminary UNKNOWN factor of 9.9999 . 
the final UNKNOWN factor will be announced monday . 
UNKNOWN exploration ltd. said it is proposing to UNKNOWN four of its associated companies . 
under a proposed UNKNOWN UNKNOWN involving share UNKNOWN , abm gold corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with UNKNOWN resources corp. , united gold corp. and UNKNOWN resources inc . 
abm will also increase its stake in UNKNOWN gold corp. to 99 % from 99 % . 
UNKNOWN said it will own about 99 % of the equity and 99 % of the votes of abm after the UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN are subject to regulatory approval and require approval by shareholders of abm , UNKNOWN , united and UNKNOWN at special meetings on nov. 99 . 
steven c. walker , senior vice president of this bank holding company , was named president , chief executive officer and a director of both commercial national and commercial national bank . 
he succeeds james e. UNKNOWN iii , who resigned from all three posts to pursue other interests . 
a surprising surge in the u.s. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets . 
the merchandise trade deficit widened in august to $ 99.99 billion , the commerce department reported , a sharp deterioration from july 's $ 9.99 billion and the largest deficit of any month this year . 
exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
`` this is one of the worst trade releases we 've had since the dollar UNKNOWN out in 9999 , '' said UNKNOWN dennis , chief international economist at james capel inc . 
like most analysts , mr. dennis was UNKNOWN to read too much into one month 's numbers ; but he said , `` it indicates perhaps that the balance in the u.s. economy is not as good as we 've been led to believe . '' 
the number had a troubling effect on wall street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may UNKNOWN last friday 's stock market slide . 
the dow jones industrial average tumbled more than 99 points after the report 's release , before recovering to close 99.99 points lower at 9999.99 . 
`` this bad trade number raises some deeper issues about the market decline , '' said norman robertson , chief economist for mellon bank . 
`` it raises questions about more UNKNOWN problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the UNKNOWN lack of ability to come to UNKNOWN with them . '' 
the trade report drew yet another UNKNOWN parallel to october 9999 . 
on oct. 99 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large august trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
the slide continued until the record 999-point market drop on oct. 99 . 
in 9999 , however , the news was the latest in a string of disappointments on trade , while the current report comes after a period of improvement . 
the bleak trade report was played down by the bush administration . 
commerce secretary robert mosbacher called the worsening trade figures `` disappointing after two very good months . '' 
and white house spokesman marlin fitzwater said the deficit was `` an unwelcome increase , '' adding that `` we 're hopeful that it simply is a UNKNOWN situation and will turn around . '' 
but the figures UNKNOWN the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the u.s. trade deficit has run out of steam . 
`` the figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the u.s. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $ 999 billion annual rate , '' said jeffrey scott , a research fellow at the institute for international economics here . 
`` that 's still an improvement over last year , but it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the UNKNOWN we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit . '' 
exports declined for the second consecutive month in august , slipping 9.9 % to $ 99.99 billion , the commerce department reported . 
imports , on the other hand , UNKNOWN 9.9 % to a record $ 99.99 billion . 
not only was august 's deficit far worse than july 's , but the government revised the july figure substantially from the $ 9.99 billion deficit it had initially reported last month . 
many economists contend that deep cuts in the u.s. budget deficit are needed before further trade improvement can occur . 
that 's because the budget deficit UNKNOWN an enormous appetite in this country for both foreign goods and foreign capital , overwhelming the nation 's capacity to export . 
`` people are sick and UNKNOWN of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , '' said mr. robertson . 
in addition , the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of u.s. products in overseas markets and hurt the country 's UNKNOWN . 
since march , exports have been virtually flat . 
at the same time , william t. UNKNOWN , international vice president at the u.s. chamber of commerce , notes : `` clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive '' by causing their prices to decline . 
most economists expect the slowing u.s. economy to curb demand for imports . 
but they UNKNOWN little substantial progress in exports unless the dollar and the federal budget deficit come down . 
`` the best result we could get from these numbers would be to see the administration and congress get serious about putting the u.s. on an internationally competitive economic UNKNOWN , '' said howard lewis , vice president of international economic affairs at the national association of manufacturers . 
`` that must start with cutting the federal budget deficit . '' 
august 's decline in exports reflected UNKNOWN in sales of industrial supplies , capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts and engines . 
the jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods . 
the numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations . 
alan murray contributed to this article . 
( in billions of u.s. dollars , not seasonally adjusted ) 
\* newly industrialized countries : singapore , hong kong , taiwan , south korea 
steve jobs took a step back from the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN technology in an effort to spur sales of next inc. 's new machine . 
mr. jobs moved to remedy a couple of his computer 's drawbacks yesterday by lowering the UNKNOWN price for a next machine by $ 9,999 , or 99 % , if the buyer UNKNOWN a hard-disk drive as an alternative to next 's UNKNOWN device . 
the hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will UNKNOWN next 's UNKNOWN optical device if buyers pay full price . 
mr. jobs , UNKNOWN of apple computer inc. , founded next four years ago in the hopes of UNKNOWN a revolution in the way desktop computers are designed and used . 
his next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports UNKNOWN graphics , digital sound , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN black design . 
but the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical UNKNOWN device that was too slow . 
the machine began shipping at the end of last year . 
the closely held company has n't disclosed sales . 
however , most UNKNOWN that have bought the machines say they are buying small numbers for evaluation purposes . 
UNKNOWN can now buy a next computer without an optical storage device for $ 9,999 . 
a computer with the optical device will still cost $ 9,999 , but from now on next will UNKNOWN every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought next machines . 
commercial customers can purchase the same system through businessland inc. , a computer retailer based in san jose , calif. , for roughly $ 9,999 more . 
mr. jobs said the changes were prompted by requests from customers who are UNKNOWN with the performance of the optical device , which is n't offered as standard equipment by any rivals . 
another factor was that customers were asking , `` why do n't you give us a cheaper system ? '' mr. jobs said at a conference on university computing here . 
UNKNOWN devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to UNKNOWN film UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with a computer . 
but the technology , while UNKNOWN , is far slower than the widely used hard drives . 
to get around the delays caused by the optical device , businessland , which is next 's exclusive dealer to corporations , has for months been advising customers to purchase hard drives with the machines . 
next 's decision to rely on the UNKNOWN hard drive in every next computer does n't signal a retreat from optical storage , said mr. jobs , who for years has said this technology will play a crucial role in the next decade . 
`` we 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said . 
`` we think everything will go this way in a few years . '' 
he said that the next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives , but he depends on outside suppliers for the devices . 
but university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase next 's sales on UNKNOWN . 
`` from the standpoint of being on the UNKNOWN of technology , this is a step UNKNOWN , '' said jerry w. UNKNOWN , a senior computing manager for the california state university system . 
`` but it will UNKNOWN boost next 's sales . '' 
UNKNOWN , however , say next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
`` we 'd still like to see a student model , '' priced at about $ 9,999 , said ronald johnson , director of academic computing at minnesota 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN college , which has bought eight next machines . 
broad acceptance of next 's computer also is UNKNOWN by difficulty in UNKNOWN software for it . 
most software is distributed on cheap UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but the next computer does n't come with a device that UNKNOWN them . 
next 's computer also needs more software applications , but mr. jobs said he expects more soon . 
he said he expects lotus development corp. to introduce a next version of its popular 9-9-9 spreadsheet program in 9999 . 
educators added that next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer . 
every major maker offers computers with color displays . 
next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development . 
donald j. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , UNKNOWN centers and retirement hotels . 
he succeeds as president , don UNKNOWN , who remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
the position of chief operating officer is new . 
ashton-tate corp. reported a net loss of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , for the third quarter , which was UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN costs and the expense of upgrading its UNKNOWN software inventories . 
the software company said revenue slid 99 % to $ 99.9 million . 
this UNKNOWN with the year-ago quarter , when the company had net income of $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 99.9 million . 
for the nine months , ashton-tate had a loss of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
in the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
revenue in the period slid almost 9 % to $ 999.9 million from about $ 999 million last year . 
edward m. UNKNOWN , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 9.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN version 9.9 , and $ 9.9 million spent on the recent reduction in work force . 
he said the company was `` encouraged by UNKNOWN '' it received from selected customers now testing version 9.9 . 
the red ink came as no surprise to wall street , but analysts said they saw UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of a further delay in volume shipments of version 9.9 , a UNKNOWN of continued losses in the fourth quarter . 
`` the loss is in line with our expectations , '' said john c. maxwell iii , an analyst with UNKNOWN , read & co. in new york . 
he added gross margins and operating profit `` eroded quite dramatically '' from the prior quarter , along with sales of existing software product lines like UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
`` the success of a new product in the UNKNOWN line is needed . 
and while the company has n't made a UNKNOWN statement , it now looks like that 's not going to be UNKNOWN soon , '' mr. maxwell said . 
the company said in a statement that it expects to ship new products `` during the next two quarters . '' 
`` it now looks like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN version 9.9 is n't going to be { widely } available until the first quarter of 9999 , '' said david UNKNOWN , an analyst with montgomery securities in san francisco . 
`` this is the second delay now in getting the product out the door . 
it does UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN somewhat . '' 
mr. maxwell said unless the company can start shipments of the new product sometime this quarter , the fourth-quarter loss is likely to be `` comparable to the third quarter 's . '' 
if the company can start to ship during this quarter , it could stem some , if not all of the red ink , he said . 
in national over-the-counter trading , ashton-tate closed yesterday at $ 99 a share , up 99.9 cents . 
tuesday , october 99 , 9999 
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
prime rate : 99 9\/9 % . 
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks . 
federal funds : 9 99\/99 % high , 9 9\/9 % low , 9 9\/9 % near closing bid , 9 99\/99 % offered . 
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 9 million or more . 
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a . ) inc . 
discount rate : 9 % . 
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank . 
call money : 9 9\/9 % to 99 % . 
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 to 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 to 99 days ; 9 % 99 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 to 999 days ; 9.999 % 999 to 999 days . 
commercial paper : high-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 9,999 : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.999 % 99 days . 
certificates of deposit : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % two months ; 9 % three months ; 9.99 % six months ; 9.99 % one year . 
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 9 million and more . 
the minimum unit is $ 999,999 . 
typical rates in the secondary market : 9.99 % one month ; 9.99 % three months ; 9.99 % six months . 
bankers acceptances : 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 99 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days ; 9.99 % 999 days . 
negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
london late eurodollars : 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % one month ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % two months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/9 % to 9 9\/9 % four months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % five months ; 9 9\/99 % to 9 9\/99 % six months . 
london interbank offered rates ( libor ) : 9 9\/9 % one month ; 9 9\/99 % three months ; 9 9\/99 % six months ; 9 9\/99 % one year . 
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks . 
foreign prime rates : canada 99.99 % ; germany 9.99 % ; japan 9.999 % ; switzerland 9.99 % ; britain 99 % . 
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 99 , 9999 , auction of short-term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 99,999 to $ 9 million : 9.99 % 99 weeks ; 9.99 % 99 weeks . 
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ) : posted yields on 99-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days . 
9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.999 % , 9 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) : posted yields on 99 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 99 days ( priced at par ) 9.99 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 9.99 % , 9\/9 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
source : telerate systems inc . 
merrill lynch ready assets trust : 9.99 % . 
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 99 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
UNKNOWN corp. reported that third-quarter net income fell 99 % from a year-earlier quarter helped by a gain from discontinued operations . 
profit from continuing operations rose 99 % . 
the chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
in the year-earlier quarter , net was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
the UNKNOWN quarter included $ 99.9 million from businesses UNKNOWN off as UNKNOWN industries inc . 
revenue was $ 999.9 million , up 99 % from $ 999.9 million a year ago . 
UNKNOWN said pretax profit from its insurance segment , excluding investment gains , rose 99 % in the latest quarter to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
in the chemicals segment , pretax profit rose 9 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
the company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum UNKNOWN , pharmaceuticals UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN used by the semiconductor industry . 
for the nine months , UNKNOWN said net fell 9 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 999.9 million , $ 9.99 a share , a year ago . 
net in the latest period included $ 99.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 9.9 million from a plant closing . 
in the year-ago period , net included $ 99.9 million from discontinued operations . 
revenue was $ 9.99 billion , up 99 % from $ 9.99 billion a year earlier . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.999 a share , up 99.9 cents . 
UNKNOWN co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 99 % in its third quarter ended sept. 99 on a 9 % increase in revenue . 
the broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in chicago , said net was $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a primary share , up from $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
per-share figures this year reflect $ 9.9 million in UNKNOWN dividends ; the 9999 quarter did n't have such a UNKNOWN . 
revenue rose to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
nine-month net climbed 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a primary share , from $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
nine-month per-share figures for 9999 reflect $ 99.9 million in preferred dividends that had no counterpart in the year-earlier quarter . 
revenue rose 9 % to $ 9.99 billion . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , UNKNOWN closed at $ 99.999 , down $ 9.99 . 
enserch corp. said about 99 million , or 99 % , of the publicly traded units of its limited partnership , enserch exploration partners ltd. , were tendered in response to an offer that expired monday . 
enserch said the tendered units will raise its ownership of the partnership to more than 99 % from 99 % . 
about 999,999 units will continue to be publicly traded on the new york stock exchange , enserch said . 
enserch had offered one-half a share of its common and $ 9 in cash for each unit . 
the public sector borrowing requirement , the most widely used measure of britain 's government deficit or surplus , showed a deficit of # 999 million in september , compared with a deficit of # 999 million in august and a deficit of # 9.99 billion in september 9999 , the treasury said . 
in the six months since the current fiscal year began april 9 , the surplus totaled # 999 million , compared with a surplus of # 9.9 billion in the year-earlier period . 
the government is projecting a # 99 billion surplus for the fiscal year . 
the reported figures for the public sector borrowing requirement include receipts from the sale of state-owned industries . 
excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 9.9 billion in the first six months , compared with # 9.9 billion a year earlier , the treasury said . 
french UNKNOWN production in september was 9,999,999 metric tons , unchanged from a year earlier , according to the national steel manufacturers ' association . 
the association said the september total brought french output for the first nine months this year to 99,999,999 tons , up 9.9 % from a year earlier . 
prospect group inc. , whose recent hostile tender offer for recognition equipment inc. failed for lack of financing , apparently has gained a measure of control over the troubled company anyway . 
as part of what a recognition spokeswoman termed an `` UNKNOWN agreement , '' prospect group will wind up with control of top management posts and an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment . 
in a management restructuring , thomas l. ringer resigned as chairman , chief executive and a director , while israel UNKNOWN resigned as a director . 
mr. UNKNOWN remains as executive vice president . 
thomas m. UNKNOWN and robert a. UNKNOWN , who had been designated to take over recognition 's top spots had prospect 's tender offer succeeded , were named co-chief executives and directors . 
mr. UNKNOWN was formerly a vice president and general manager of an UNKNOWN international division ; mr. UNKNOWN was a former group vice president of pitney bowes inc . 
in addition , the agreement calls for UNKNOWN h. UNKNOWN , chairman of prospect group 's executive committee , to be named chairman of a restructured board that will include four new independent directors . 
also named to the revised board was thomas a. loose , recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel . 
prospect , a new york-based leveraged buy-out firm , also agreed to invest $ 99 million in recognition , which in turn agreed to repurchase as much as $ 99 million of its stock . 
that would increase prospect 's ownership of the company 's UNKNOWN shares outstanding to 99 % from 99.9 % . 
under the agreement , prospect is permitted to increase its stake in recognition to 99 % . 
beyond that , prospect said it would n't offer to acquire additional shares for less than $ 99.99 a share during the next year or less than $ 99.99 a share during the subsequent two years . 
recognition also said it obtained a commitment from chemical bank and bank of boston to convert an estimated $ 99 million in bank debt to a new , 99-month secured term loan to be repaid through the sale of certain assets . 
in august , recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 9.9 million loss for the third quarter ended july 99 . 
the company attributed the loss to declining revenue and litigation costs relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , william g. moore jr. and robert w. UNKNOWN . 
the former executives were indicted last october on charges of fraud , theft and conspiracy related to efforts by the company to win $ 999 million in postal service contracts . 
recognition equipment said it expected to put the agreement with prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in january . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , recognition rose 99.9 cents to $ 9.999 . 
prospect slipped 99 cents to $ 99.99 in national over-the-counter trading . 
general motors corp. 's chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 999 rebates on its 9999 beretta , the UNKNOWN version of its core UNKNOWN line . 
sluggish sales of the beretta , and its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN car , the corsica , prompted gm to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month . 
the corsica and beretta make up the UNKNOWN car line at chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.9 % for the year , and fell a steep 99 % during early october . 
chevrolet already is offering an $ 999 UNKNOWN on the UNKNOWN corsica . 
the latest UNKNOWN is good for all beretta models . 
chevrolet buyers can take the UNKNOWN , or get discount financing at rates ranging from 9.9 % on 99-month loans to 99.9 % on 99-month loans . 
stateswest airlines said it submitted an offer to the directors of mesa airlines to acquire the UNKNOWN , n.m. , carrier . 
except to UNKNOWN its offer as `` fair and generous and in the best interests of mesa shareholders , '' stateswest declined to discuss details of its proposal . 
it also asked mesa to keep the proposal confidential . 
a mesa official confirmed UNKNOWN of the offer and said directors would meet to consider it . 
last week , mesa rejected a proposal by stateswest to acquire it or merge . 
stateswest has a 9.99 % stake in mesa , which operates 99 UNKNOWN and two UNKNOWN UNKNOWN among 99 cities in new mexico , arizona , UNKNOWN , colorado and texas . 
stateswest operates four UNKNOWN UNKNOWN aircraft , UNKNOWN 99 cities in california , arizona and UNKNOWN . 
the carrier has n't yet turned a profit . 
the former president of firstsouth UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN arkansas thrift , pleaded guilty to UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN the institution 's earnings by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN loan guarantees . 
roderick d. UNKNOWN iii , who was also chief operating officer of firstsouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 999,999 fine . 
a UNKNOWN date has n't been set . 
mr. UNKNOWN admitted he UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN an agreement not to enforce loan guarantees executed by dallas real-estate developers a. UNKNOWN taylor iii and george s. watson , both of whom were firstsouth stockholders . 
neither mr. taylor nor mr. watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing . 
by UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN agreement , certain transactions with messrs. taylor and watson were entered on firstsouth 's books as loans , allowing the thrift to report fees and interest as current income , according to the u.s. attorney 's office in little rock , UNKNOWN . 
the conspiracy was part of an effort by mr. UNKNOWN to hide firstsouth 's shaky financial condition from federal regulators , according to federal prosecutors and regulators . 
the $ 9.99 billion thrift was declared insolvent and closed in december 9999 . 
firstsouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer , howard UNKNOWN , is also charged with UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN the agreements with messrs. watson and taylor . 
mr. UNKNOWN is scheduled for trial jan. 9 before federal judge stephen UNKNOWN of little rock . 
i approached `` mastergate , '' larry gelbart 's new comedy at the UNKNOWN center , with considerable UNKNOWN . 
nothing , i assumed , would be more UNKNOWN dated than a political satire on the iran-contra affair . 
i had underestimated , however , both mr. gelbart 's UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN of scandal in washington . 
though the play clearly is UNKNOWN around the events of iran-contra , it takes in the wide UNKNOWN of scandals over the past 99 years . 
in fact , at one point UNKNOWN chase ( UNKNOWN mullins ) , a cool , carefully UNKNOWN television announcer , UNKNOWN a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , UNKNOWN with those affecting the department of housing and urban development and the savings and loan industry . 
UNKNOWN , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN overhead and a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the signing of the constitution in the background . 
the witness table is center stage and below it , the UNKNOWN for the UNKNOWN media , in this case UNKNOWN , the total news network . 
not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater . 
the UNKNOWN of theater is not entirely UNKNOWN . 
mr. gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the UNKNOWN and the news media -- are UNKNOWN . 
as the story of `` mastergate '' UNKNOWN , we learn that the internal revenue service UNKNOWN one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes . 
the man , it seems , has a UNKNOWN corporation , licensed in UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . 
he himself lives in a `` consecutive series of UNKNOWN houses in a town in switzerland . '' 
the property UNKNOWN by the irs is a hollywood film studio , master pictures UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN ) . 
UNKNOWN the irs will sell off the assets of UNKNOWN , but before it can , a UNKNOWN irs agent is called into the hospital room of UNKNOWN slaughter , the dying head of the central intelligence agency . 
the UNKNOWN agent , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio . 
soon the studio is producing a $ 99 million picture called `` UNKNOWN , the motion picture , '' to UNKNOWN it from `` UNKNOWN , the offensive , '' as well as `` UNKNOWN , the book '' and `` UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN . '' 
the picture , to be made in the central american country of san UNKNOWN , is a cover for sending $ 999 million of arms to los UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN group attempting to regain neighboring UNKNOWN , which has been taken over by the UNKNOWN dictator dr. UNKNOWN , a former UNKNOWN , who leads a revolutionary band of foot soldiers . 
the man handling all this for the UNKNOWN slaughter is major UNKNOWN battle , mr. gelbart 's stand in for UNKNOWN oliver north . 
director michael UNKNOWN has assembled a UNKNOWN cast to carry out the UNKNOWN of well-known political figures and to play the stock characters who UNKNOWN show up at congressional hearings . 
daniel UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN but totally assured as major battle , UNKNOWN just the right brand of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN ; jeff weiss is fire , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN as the UNKNOWN senator who serves as a friendly UNKNOWN of major battle ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN UNKNOWN playing a succession of lawyers ; joseph daly has the perfect `` UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN '' UNKNOWN of george bush in his UNKNOWN of the vice president ; and ann mcdonough is UNKNOWN as a succession of witnesses ' wives . 
with one she is pregnant , with major battle she is UNKNOWN an american flag , and as the vice president 's wife she UNKNOWN in with white hair , wearing a UNKNOWN suit and UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN barbara bush 's UNKNOWN down to the last detail . 
though it 's clear that mr. gelbart 's UNKNOWN do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all UNKNOWN and particularly at the media . 
mr. gelbart also has fun with language . 
`` mastergate '' is UNKNOWN `` a play on words , '' and mr. gelbart plays that game as well as anyone . 
he describes a mastergate UNKNOWN as one who experienced a `` UNKNOWN UNKNOWN '' and found himself `` handling UNKNOWN appeals at the bureau of indian affairs . '' 
this interest in words goes beyond UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , however . 
mr. gelbart UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN and the UNKNOWN of language he sees on all sides . 
as the hearings begin , the UNKNOWN sen. UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) UNKNOWN : `` let me UNKNOWN one thing at the UNKNOWN : we are not looking for UNKNOWN to skin nor UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN . '' 
major battle himself speaks in pure UNKNOWN : `` without further UNKNOWN aid , scores of UNKNOWN freedom UNKNOWN , who had gone way out on their life and UNKNOWN for us , were literally cut off at the UNKNOWN without a UNKNOWN . '' 
at another point he UNKNOWN : `` publicity is a small price to pay for UNKNOWN . '' 
the evening is short -- 99 minutes without an UNKNOWN -- but even so , as the play UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of mr. gelbart 's satire loses its UNKNOWN as his targets pop up ever more UNKNOWN . 
most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome UNKNOWN . 
in `` mastergate , '' mr. gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities that have all but UNKNOWN from the UNKNOWN theater : sharp political satire and an even sharper appreciation of the value of language . 
the federal national mortgage association set up a UNKNOWN office of the chairman and elected james a. johnson as vice chairman , effective jan. 9 . 
mr. johnson has been a managing director at shearson lehman hutton since 9999 , and before that was president of public strategies , a washington consulting firm . 
he is well-known in democratic UNKNOWN , having been executive assistant to vice president walter UNKNOWN and chairman of mr. UNKNOWN 's 9999 presidential campaign . 
at fannie mae , he will take responsibility for the corporation 's financial and legal areas and will work with david maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer , and roger UNKNOWN , president and chief operating officer , on strategic planning . 
mr. johnson , 99 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to fannie mae for the past 9 9\/9 years . 
in an interview , he said fannie mae faces a number of challenges with the restructuring of the thrift industry and the push to UNKNOWN its activities overseas . 
`` there 's no shortage of major things to do , '' he said . 
fannie mae also said james a. UNKNOWN , chairman of first federal of michigan and a director since 9999 , moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate mr. johnson 's election as a director . 
the board has 99 members elected by holders and five presidential UNKNOWN . 
fannie mae , a federally chartered , UNKNOWN corporation , operates a secondary market for mortgage loans , buying loans from lenders , packaging some into securities for sale to investors and keeping the rest in its portfolio . 
`` the new crowd '' by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and barry j. UNKNOWN ( little , brown , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) , describes the UNKNOWN of the old `` our crowd '' jewish wall street banking UNKNOWN by such new business UNKNOWN as saul steinberg , carl icahn , sanford UNKNOWN and bruce UNKNOWN . 
its many UNKNOWN stories include the UNKNOWN holiday UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
these two new crowd families lived in the same apartment building , with the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on top of the gutfreund UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN started up from the gutfreund landing , and susan gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor . 
eventually , mr. UNKNOWN broke his UNKNOWN in the dark . 
then the UNKNOWN determined to put up a UNKNOWN christmas tree , UNKNOWN a quarter of a ton , to UNKNOWN their holiday guests . 
for this , a crane needed to be mounted on the UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN did not give permission . 
but the gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured `` in UNKNOWN '' by joan UNKNOWN , who called the police . 
before the UNKNOWN finally left this UNKNOWN environment for a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on fifth avenue and an 99th-century mansion with a specially UNKNOWN $ 9 million UNKNOWN in paris , the UNKNOWN had obtained an injunction to prevent any future UNKNOWN of trees , and in a UNKNOWN spirit hit both the UNKNOWN and the building with a $ 99 million lawsuit . 
nothing less , it seemed , could UNKNOWN them for their UNKNOWN . 
where had all the money come from ? 
the young john gutfreund had been discovered by UNKNOWN salomon of salomon bros. when he was still a UNKNOWN liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` ` get off your ... , ' he would UNKNOWN , '' say the authors . 
rising in the firm , he became powerful and UNKNOWN , though his new wife , susan , made him UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN columns with her UNKNOWN spending UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
after he had been head of the company for 9 9\/9 years , he and his partners sold it to UNKNOWN , a powerful commodity trading UNKNOWN , for $ 999 million in UNKNOWN stock . 
limited partner UNKNOWN salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 99 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not UNKNOWN . 
mr. gutfreund UNKNOWN $ 99 million , while UNKNOWN salomon got $ 99 million , much less than if he had conducted the sale . 
`` i felt UNKNOWN , '' he later said . 
worse , salomon 's timing had been off . 
its profits , unlike UNKNOWN 's , soared over the next two years , and had it held out , salomon could have gotten an even bigger UNKNOWN . 
the book also UNKNOWN the not UNKNOWN UNKNOWN surrounding the changing of the guard at lehman bros. and other grand old firms . 
often the UNKNOWN , conservative , UNKNOWN investment bankers were UNKNOWN by crude traders : `` when angered , he UNKNOWN so UNKNOWN that his face UNKNOWN and his UNKNOWN eyes narrowed into tiny UNKNOWN , '' the authors say of lehman 's lewis UNKNOWN . 
the earlier generation of `` our crowd '' bankers -- UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN -- had stressed above all UNKNOWN , tradition , UNKNOWN and reputation . 
they were UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who happened to be of german jewish UNKNOWN . 
but in the harsh world of today 's wall street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN prefers the UNKNOWN of other UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN out their eggs . 
but the old guard hired the new crowd people : it brought in its own UNKNOWN . 
so , as the old crowd UNKNOWN from the branch , it should n't have been too surprised . 
the old guard had every right , however , to UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN ' new ways of making money , such as greenmail . 
( a fortune article on saul steinberg was entitled , `` fear and UNKNOWN in the corporate UNKNOWN . '' ) 
their other UNKNOWN has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds . 
hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon . 
sometimes they are UNKNOWN , but often not . 
first , by making management focus on short-term results , they UNKNOWN building for the future -- just the opposite of japan . 
second , a long-term shareholder of a good company need n't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily : it will UNKNOWN back . 
but if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery . 
the raiders , meanwhile , have UNKNOWN their own pattern for spending their new millions . 
as described in `` the new crowd , '' they take on ambitious new wives , move to greenwich , conn. , or UNKNOWN , n.y. , buy ok pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with UNKNOWN . 
having donated heavily to UNKNOWN , they demand a place on their boards . 
the book is UNKNOWN about this UNKNOWN UNKNOWN struggle for UNKNOWN , which has its UNKNOWN aspects . 
however , on balance , the charity game helps america . 
if those who have the money do n't get involved with the UNKNOWN and the charities , then city hall will do it , badly . 
it has been UNKNOWN observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN enough of it . 
a handful of the new crowd operators have UNKNOWN the line from the UNKNOWN to the illegal , and have ended up in the UNKNOWN or paying huge fines : 
ivan boesky , dennis levine , martin UNKNOWN , victor and steven UNKNOWN , and now michael milken and perhaps UNKNOWN helmsley . 
the UNKNOWN office that ivan boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators UNKNOWN rich and `` UNKNOWN '' green , today UNKNOWN from a potential century apiece of jail UNKNOWN . 
the old crowd is deeply concerned by the UNKNOWN from all this . 
however , the phenomenon is not specifically jewish . 
it has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut UNKNOWN in the process . 
some pretty UNKNOWN stuff built the UNKNOWN families ' fifth avenue and newport UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN their UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN to foreign UNKNOWN . 
mr. boesky was a UNKNOWN compared to jay gould and jim UNKNOWN , and commodore UNKNOWN thought nothing of UNKNOWN judges and legislators . 
so who knows ? 
in a generation or two some of the new crowd may UNKNOWN true UNKNOWN , perhaps to be UNKNOWN in turn by a later UNKNOWN of unscrupulous UNKNOWN . 
or perhaps wall street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its UNKNOWN . 
mr. train is president of train , smith investment counsel , new york . 
dallas investor harold c. simmons said he raised his stake in lockheed corp. to 99.99 % from 99.99 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
in a securities and exchange commission filing , mr. simmons said he and companies he controls , nl industries inc. and nl chemicals inc. , hold 9,999,999 shares of lockheed , of UNKNOWN , calif . 
they include 999,999 shares bought friday for between $ 99.999 and $ 99 each . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , lockheed closed at $ 99.999 a share , down 99.9 cents . 
earlier this week , mr. simmons UNKNOWN to published reports UNKNOWN him as saying he planned to sell his lockheed stake because `` the defense industry seems to be getting more uncertain . '' 
valhi inc. , another of mr. simmons ' companies , responded to an article monday in the wall street journal , which credited a story in the sunday los angeles daily news . 
valhi said the articles did n't UNKNOWN reflect valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward lockheed . 
instead , valhi said , they may increase , decrease or retain their lockheed holdings , depending on a number of conditions . 
canada , which is preparing to speed up tariff cuts with the u.s. , recorded a 99 % narrowing in its trade surplus with the u.s. in august , statistics canada , a federal agency , reported . 
u.s. exports to canada jumped 99.9 % in august from july while u.s. imports from canada rose only 9.9 % . 
as a result , canada 's trade surplus with the u.s. narrowed to c$ 999.9 million ( us$ 999 million ) in august from c$ 9.99 billion ( us$ 9.99 billion ) in july . 
u.s. exports benefited in august from heavy canadian spending on new plant and equipment and a pickup in canadian auto demand , canadian officials said . 
the u.s. and canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the UNKNOWN free trade agreement . 
industries in both countries have requested a UNKNOWN of tariff cuts on hundreds of products . 
some tariffs were eliminated when the trade pact took effect jan. 9 . 
the remainder were to be phased out in five or 99 annual UNKNOWN , with all tariffs eliminated by january 9999 . 
the two countries aim to reach an agreement by early december on a package of accelerated tariff cuts that would take effect early next year . 
canadian officials said the trade pact has UNKNOWN an export interest among many small canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales . 
for such businessmen , the canadian government is organizing 99 UNKNOWN this year to u.s. states UNKNOWN on canada . 
the businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and UNKNOWN in trade procedures . 
the u.s. commerce department is planning to try out similar trips on u.s. businessmen in coming months under its canada first ! UNKNOWN program . 
participants in the u.s. UNKNOWN to canada are to be UNKNOWN by members of the service corps of retired executives , a UNKNOWN group , in dealing with their export challenges . 
the canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in san diego ; san UNKNOWN , puerto rico ; miami ; princeton , n.j. , and denver , bringing the total number of such canadian offices in the u.s. to 99 . 
the u.s. has six trade promotion offices in canada . 
canada 's export effort has been UNKNOWN by robust home market demand and by an 99 % appreciation of the canadian dollar against its u.s. counterpart in the past three years that has made canadian goods more costly in the u.s. . 
canada 's trade surplus with all countries narrowed to c$ 999.9 million in august from c$ 999.9 million in july , statistics canada said . 
loral corp. said it received a $ 999 million order from turkey 's ministry of defense , the largest contract the company ever has received . 
loral will provide to turkey an electronic UNKNOWN system for its fleet of f-99 aircraft . 
the system provides UNKNOWN warning and electronic UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the defense electronics maker said delivery will begin in october 9999 and run through mid-9999 . 
loral said the contract with turkey will provide opportunities for loral to supply that country with other defense systems . 
crown resources corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the gold texas resources ltd. shares it does n't already own . 
under the proposed agreement , gold texas holders will receive 9.99 crown shares for each of the 9.9 million gold texas shares not owned by crown , which already owns 99 % . 
the arrangement is subject to approval by the supreme court of british columbia province , crown said . 
gold texas is based in UNKNOWN , british columbia , and crown resources is based in denver . 
both are mining concerns . 
apogee UNKNOWN inc. said its board extended until feb. 9 the exercise period of apogee 's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding . 
the expiration date had been nov. 9 . 
each of the 9,999,999 warrants UNKNOWN the holders to purchase one share of apogee common stock for $ 9.99 . 
apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $ 9 bid . 
bank of new england corp. , seeking to UNKNOWN its business after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems , said it will sell some operations and lay off 9 % of its work force . 
the bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 99 % , to $ 99.9 million , or 99 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 99 of its 999 branch offices and to lay off 999 employees . 
altogether , employment is expected to decline to less than 99,999 from the current level of about 99,999 . 
walter UNKNOWN , chairman , said in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $ 999 million to $ 999 million from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services . 
in a prepared statement , the company said it expects to realize those gains before year end . 
nonperforming assets continued to UNKNOWN up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 999 million , or 9.99 % of loans and leases , from $ 999 million , or 9.99 % , at the end of the second quarter . 
some $ 999 million of the $ 999 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly UNKNOWN of that was in the troubled new england market , according to richard driscoll , vice chairman . 
mr. driscoll said that , despite continued weakness in the region 's real estate market , bank of new england expects the rate of increase in nonperforming assets to slow in coming quarters . 
mr. UNKNOWN noted that net third-quarter UNKNOWN , at $ 99 million , improved slightly from the $ 99 million in the second quarter . 
and he indicated that more substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters . 
the company increased its loan loss reserve to $ 999 million from $ 999 million at the end of the second quarter . 
total assets slipped to $ 99.9 billion , from $ 99 billion as of june 99 . 
among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in chicago , new york and philadelphia . 
the chicago office figured UNKNOWN in the bank 's problems earlier this year , when $ 99 million in loans to chicago businessman william UNKNOWN went sour . 
in an internal UNKNOWN to employees , messrs. UNKNOWN and driscoll described the restructuring as an effort to continue UNKNOWN operations assembled during a series of mergers over the past five years . 
italy 's wholesale price index rose 9.9 % in august from july and was up 9.9 % from a year earlier , the state statistical institute reported . 
the index registered 999.9 in august , compared with 999.9 in july and with 999.9 in august 9999 . 
the UNKNOWN rise in august was slightly down from the 9.9 % rate in july . 
the index has a base of 999 set in 9999 and is n't seasonally adjusted . 
u.s. steel imports in august fell 99 % from a year earlier to 9,999,999 tons , according to the american iron and steel institute . 
the trade group 's UNKNOWN of commerce department data showed that august imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 9 % from july 's 9,999,999 tons but below last year 's high of 9,999,999 tons in june 9999 . 
august imports claimed 99.9 % of the u.s. market , compared with 99.9 % in july and 99.9 % in august 9999 . 
the latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from european community nations fell to 999,999 tons from 999,999 a month earlier , while imports from japan rose to 999,999 tons from 999,999 in july . 
imports from canada rose to 999,999 tons in august from 999,999 in july . 
the american institute for imported steel said imports for the first eight months of 9999 were below the level allowed by the UNKNOWN restraint agreement program . 
the institute said that , excluding UNKNOWN steel products , UNKNOWN imports represented 99.9 % of consumption , compared with a permitted maximum of 99.9 % . 
japanese machinery makers received orders totaling 9.999 trillion yen ( $ 99.99 billion ) in august , up 99 % from a year earlier , the economic planning agency said . 
`` equipment orders on the domestic side were particularly strong in shipping and power utilities , '' said an agency official . 
the latest report compares with a modest 9.9 % increase in july machinery orders from a year earlier . 
in august , soon after wang laboratories inc. reported a staggering $ 999.9 million loss and replaced its president , two boston sales representatives sent customers a letter saying : `` we fully expect that you will soon be reading stories in the press reporting the ` amazing comeback at wang . ' '' 
how soon wang will stage a comeback , or if it will at all , are still matters of debate . 
but wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge any marketer can face : selling the products of a company that is on the ropes . 
`` if your prospect is feeling risk the whole time and you 're not feeling as if you 're backed up by a stable company , you 've lost it before you 've begun , '' says mary ann UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , mass. , sales UNKNOWN and consultant who works with high technology companies . 
it can happen in any industry . 
consider the difficulties faced by UNKNOWN salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration , or exxon dealers ' problems in the wake of the UNKNOWN oil spill . 
like thousands of salespeople before them , wang 's are finding ways to combat the bad news . 
`` it 's very important that we UNKNOWN confidence , even though within the family we know there 's a lot of hard work ahead , '' said richard miller , the lowell , mass. , computer concern 's new president , in a video message to salespeople a month after he took over . 
wang got into financial trouble because of UNKNOWN overhead and UNKNOWN optimistic sales forecasts . 
its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers . 
last year it funded its high employment by heavy borrowing , and it suffered huge losses when sales turned down instead of rising . 
after the company reported red ink for the fiscal third quarter , wang 's marketing department provided the sales force answers to questions such as `` how could you not have known you were going to lose $ 99 million ? '' and `` is wang still a viable company ? '' 
salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
responding to such questions is `` defensive , '' says kenneth UNKNOWN , wang 's vice president , marketing . 
`` that 's UNKNOWN to the art of selling . '' 
moreover , he notes that UNKNOWN financial results `` UNKNOWN a problem for a salesman who is n't particularly familiar with a balance sheet . '' 
at one sales strategy meeting , an executive suggested ordering salespeople to become experts on the annual report . 
mr. miller UNKNOWN that : `` even i ca n't understand all the UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
instead , he says , if the salespeople can get the customers to consider wang 's products on their UNKNOWN , he or a top financial officer will try to UNKNOWN the fears about finances . 
mike UNKNOWN , a salesman in wang 's austin , texas , office , has a UNKNOWN method : `` we tell them $ 9 billion companies do n't go out of business . 
we tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties . '' 
numerous computer companies are having sales UNKNOWN and earnings declines , but very few have had losses comparable to wang 's or are carrying such a large debt load . 
mr. miller says that after a sharp sales slump in july and august , sales UNKNOWN in september . 
although wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended sept. 99 and the full fiscal year , mr. miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter . 
experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line . 
`` if a salesman UNKNOWN his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , '' says george UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , nev. , sales consultant and author of `` the marketing edge . '' 
still , says john sullivan , a management UNKNOWN with daniel roberts inc. of boston , who has held senior sales positions at polaroid and UNKNOWN : `` the customer will react to strength . 
ignore the present condition . 
show it 's business as usual . '' 
that is n't easy . 
wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , UNKNOWN companies that will be around to fix UNKNOWN and upgrade computers for years to come . 
for buyers , `` these are UNKNOWN decisions , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , who UNKNOWN a network of wang computers in the UNKNOWN department at boston university . 
the university is considering installing a $ 999,999 system to store applications UNKNOWN . 
`` before the really bad news , we were looking at wang fairly seriously , '' she says . 
but `` their present financial condition means i 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing . '' 
ms. UNKNOWN adds : `` at some point we 'd have to ask , ` how do we know that in three years you wo n't be in chapter 99 ? ' '' 
during the past year , wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president . 
wang 's overall product line is `` still not as good as other UNKNOWN , but they 've come a long way , '' says steven UNKNOWN , a consultant with market researcher UNKNOWN group , stamford , conn . 
`` they were on the road to recovery in terms of customer attitudes until this bad quarter happened . '' 
the first priority for wang 's sales force is to make sure it holds on to existing customers . 
wang 's installed base is one of its greatest assets , and many of those customers remain extremely loyal . 
but even before wang 's latest financial troubles surfaced , some customers `` were trying to wall off their wang installations '' so other departments would n't add wang , says chris UNKNOWN , a former wang marketer who is now a market analyst with UNKNOWN group , a market research firm in stamford , conn . 
one wang salesman who left the company in july recalls that when he tried to sell products to eastman kodak , he worked `` to UNKNOWN support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the UNKNOWN . 
the more recent losses were really devastating . '' 
new customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to wang 's long-term UNKNOWN , are even tougher . 
UNKNOWN lynch , a former top salesman in wang 's boston office , referring to wang 's mainstay computer line , says : `` you ca n't sell a UNKNOWN to a new customer . '' 
mr. lynch left wang this summer for UNKNOWN systems inc. , a software UNKNOWN . 
the financial problems are particularly UNKNOWN for salespeople pushing wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
consultants say that wang 's technology is among the best available in the image market . 
but salespeople often found that news of wang 's problems UNKNOWN their sales efforts . 
william UNKNOWN , a former sales manager in indianapolis , says that his office had all but sold a $ 9.9 million image system to pharmaceutical maker UNKNOWN lilly & co . 
`` when they were making the decision , all hell broke loose with the finances . '' 
he says the lilly executives told him they could n't take the risk with wang . 
mr. UNKNOWN say he does n't blame lilly . 
buyers have to rely on a supplier `` continually upgrading and replacing the product , '' he says . 
`` when a company UNKNOWN that , it 's hard to go with wang . '' 
for mr. UNKNOWN , who says he used to earn as much as $ 999,999 a year at wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
he is now president of UNKNOWN homes inc. , an indianapolis contractor . 
it can be hard for a UNKNOWN to fight off feelings of UNKNOWN . 
brian UNKNOWN , a former wang salesman in UNKNOWN new york , says : `` you have pride in your job . 
you think you can go out and turn things around . 
it 's a tough thing when you ca n't . 
the reason does n't UNKNOWN to your selling skills . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on itself . 
`` the problem is , if people get down in the UNKNOWN , they stop selling , '' says mike UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN sales manager in wang 's austin office . 
one key for salespeople is to boost their own morale . 
paul UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , mass. , sales and management consultant and author of `` ready , aim , you 're hired , '' says : `` the bad news is , you 'll be rejected more . 
the good news is , it 's not your fault . '' 
so , he advises , make goals UNKNOWN . 
for instance , he suggests that salespeople making telephone calls should say to themselves : `` all i want to do today is get 99 UNKNOWN . '' 
but mr. miller , wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about UNKNOWN . 
`` our customers watch us for the hidden message , '' he said . 
`` look a customer right in the eye and say , ` i 'm UNKNOWN to be at wang . 
blinder international enterprises inc. , the parent of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN blinder , robinson & co. , said its shareholders approved a previously announced name change to UNKNOWN enterprises inc . 
`` the parent company is diversifying into other industries around the world , '' said president UNKNOWN blinder in explaining the name change . 
`` UNKNOWN we talked about blinder international , { people } thought it was the brokerage house . '' 
mr. blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , UNKNOWN with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers . 
the company said it expects the name change to take effect within a week . 
olin corp. said third-quarter net income rose 99 % on the strength of its chemical business . 
net was $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , up from $ 99 million , or 99 cents a share , a year earlier . 
sales rose 9.9 % to $ 999 million from $ 999 million . 
olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 99 million , up from $ 99 million a year ago , largely because of gains in UNKNOWN such as UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the company said the gains were tied to volume increases and higher prices . 
the market for UNKNOWN include the paper , UNKNOWN and textile industries . 
the chemical segment had a $ 9 million gain on the sale of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN businesses , which was offset by a $ 9 million charge for future environmental expenditures . 
profit in olin 's defense and UNKNOWN segment rose to $ 9 million from $ 9 million . 
the metals segment , hurt by a strike , had UNKNOWN results , against $ 9 million a year ago . 
in the first nine months , net rose 99 % to $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share , from $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share a year ago . 
sales rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading , olin closed at $ 99.99 a share , down 99 cents . 
gte corp. and mci communications corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter . 
southwestern bell corp. and cincinnati bell posted slight declines . 
gte corp . 
gte said net income rose 99 % , aided by higher long-distance calling UNKNOWN and an increase in telephone lines in service . 
pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 9.9 % but profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat . 
revenues rose 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.9 billion . 
the company said the quarter included a 99 % increase in UNKNOWN usage for long-distance calling and a 9 % increase in the number of access lines in service . 
earlier rate reductions in texas and california reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 99 million ; a year earlier , operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization . 
revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million , but operating profit was unchanged at $ 99.9 million , partly because of start-up expenses . 
electrical products ' sales fell to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million with higher world-wide UNKNOWN volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in europe and south america . 
operating profit of $ 99.9 million was unchanged . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , gte rose $ 9.99 to $ 99.999 . 
mci communications corp . 
mci , which stepped up efforts to sell long-distance telephone service to residential customers , reported a 99 % jump in earnings . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
operating profit grew 99 % to $ 999 million from $ 999 million , while operating margins rose to 99.9 % from 99.9 % the previous quarter and 99.9 % a year ago . 
daniel UNKNOWN , mci chief financial officer , said the company sees further improvements in operating margins . 
`` we think we can take it to the 99 % range over next 99 to 99 months , '' he said . 
in national over-the-counter trading , mci fell $ 9.999 to $ 99.999 . 
charles UNKNOWN , an analyst with smith barney , harris upham & co. , said some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth . 
the company said that residential traffic grew faster than business traffic and attributed that to its new UNKNOWN calling plan that UNKNOWN with american telephone & telegraph 's reach out america plan . 
mci claims about 99 % of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 99 % of the $ 99 billion residential market . 
it has been trying to improve its share of the residential market . 
the company wants its business mix to more closely match that of at&t -- a step it says will help prevent cross UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN said mci recorded `` another solid cash positive quarter , '' its fourth in a row , but declined to comment on whether the company is considering a dividend or is planning any acquisition . 
the current quarter , he said , `` looks fine . 
we think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability . '' 
southwestern bell corp . 
southwestern bell corp. said net dropped 9.9 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its southwestern bell telephone co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several yellow pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues . 
revenue slipped 9.9 % to $ 9.99 billion from $ 9.99 billion . 
the earnings drop had been expected . 
chairman UNKNOWN e. UNKNOWN said southwestern bell 's `` businesses are healthy and are continuing to grow . '' 
the company reported a 9.9 % increase in the number of access lines in service , and also said its southwestern bell mobile systems unit added 99,999 new customers , with a current total of about 999,999 . 
southwestern shares fell 99 cents to $ 99.999 in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . 
cincinnati bell inc . 
cincinnati bell inc. said net declined 9.9 % . 
the company noted that the year-ago period was particularly strong , with an increase of nearly 99 % . 
revenue jumped nearly 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , cincinnati bell fell 99 cents to $ 99 . 
the company said that the number of access lines dropped slightly in the quarter , a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations . 
for the year , however , access lines in service have increased 9.9 % . 
chairman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN said the company has set a new five year goal of doubling revenues to about $ 9.9 billion while steadily increasing net . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , 99 years old , will join the board as a nonexecutive director nov. 99 . 
mr. UNKNOWN is chairman of UNKNOWN n.v. , the dutch publishing group . 
rudolph UNKNOWN , 99 years old and former chairman of consolidated gold fields plc , was named a nonexecutive director of this british industrial conglomerate . 
a form of asbestos once used to make kent cigarette filters has caused a high percentage of cancer deaths among a group of workers exposed to it more than 99 years ago , researchers reported . 
the asbestos UNKNOWN , crocidolite , is unusually UNKNOWN once it enters the UNKNOWN , with even brief UNKNOWN to it causing symptoms that show up decades later , researchers said . 
lorillard inc. , the unit of new york-based UNKNOWN corp. that makes kent cigarettes , stopped using crocidolite in its UNKNOWN cigarette filters in 9999 . 
although preliminary findings were reported more than a year ago , the latest results appear in today 's new england journal of medicine , a UNKNOWN likely to bring new attention to the problem . 
a lorillard UNKNOWN said , `` this is an old story . 
we 're talking about years ago before anyone heard of asbestos having any questionable properties . 
there is no asbestos in our products now . '' 
neither lorillard nor the researchers who studied the workers were aware of any research on UNKNOWN of the kent cigarettes . 
`` we have no useful information on whether users are at risk , '' said james a. UNKNOWN of boston 's UNKNOWN cancer institute . 
dr. UNKNOWN led a team of researchers from the national cancer institute and the medical schools of harvard university and boston university . 
the lorillard spokeswoman said asbestos was used in `` very modest amounts '' in making paper for the filters in the early 9999s and replaced with a different type of UNKNOWN in 9999 . 
from 9999 to 9999 , 9.9 billion kent cigarettes with the filters were sold , the company said . 
among 99 men who worked closely with the substance , 99 have died -- more than three times the expected number . 
four of the five surviving workers have UNKNOWN diseases , including three with recently UNKNOWN cancer . 
the total of 99 deaths from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN cancer and UNKNOWN was far higher than expected , the researchers said . 
`` the UNKNOWN rate is a striking finding among those of us who study UNKNOWN diseases , '' said dr. UNKNOWN . 
the percentage of UNKNOWN cancer deaths among the workers at the west UNKNOWN , mass. , paper factory appears to be the highest for any asbestos workers studied in western industrialized countries , he said . 
the plant , which is owned by UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN co. , was under contract with lorillard to make the cigarette filters . 
the finding probably will support those who argue that the u.s. should regulate the class of asbestos including crocidolite more UNKNOWN than the common kind of asbestos , UNKNOWN , found in most schools and other buildings , dr. UNKNOWN said . 
the u.s. is one of the few industrialized nations that does n't have a higher standard of regulation for the smooth , UNKNOWN fibers such as crocidolite that are classified as UNKNOWN , according to UNKNOWN t. UNKNOWN , a professor of UNKNOWN at the university of vermont college of medicine . 
more common UNKNOWN fibers are UNKNOWN and are more easily rejected by the body , dr. UNKNOWN explained . 
in july , the environmental protection agency imposed a gradual ban on virtually all uses of asbestos . 
by 9999 , almost all remaining uses of UNKNOWN asbestos will be UNKNOWN . 
about 999 workers at a factory that made paper for the kent filters were exposed to asbestos in the 9999s . 
areas of the factory were particularly UNKNOWN where the crocidolite was used . 
workers dumped large UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the imported material into a huge UNKNOWN , poured in cotton and UNKNOWN fibers and UNKNOWN mixed the dry fibers in a process used to make filters . 
workers described `` clouds of blue dust '' that UNKNOWN over parts of the factory , even though UNKNOWN fans UNKNOWN the area . 
`` there 's no question that some of those workers and managers contracted UNKNOWN diseases , '' said UNKNOWN phillips , vice president of human resources for UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN . 
`` but you have to recognize that these events took place 99 years ago . 
it has no bearing on our work force today . 
yields on money-market mutual funds continued to slide , amid signs that portfolio managers expect further declines in interest rates . 
the average seven-day compound yield of the 999 taxable funds tracked by UNKNOWN 's money fund report eased a fraction of a percentage point to 9.99 % from 9.99 % for the week ended tuesday . 
compound yields assume UNKNOWN of dividends and that the current yield continues for a year . 
average maturity of the funds ' investments UNKNOWN by a day to 99 days , the UNKNOWN since early august , according to donoghue 's . 
longer maturities are thought to indicate declining interest rates because they permit portfolio managers to retain relatively higher rates for a longer period . 
UNKNOWN maturities are considered a sign of rising rates because portfolio managers can capture higher rates sooner . 
the average maturity for funds open only to institutions , considered by some to be a stronger indicator because those managers watch the market closely , reached a high point for the year -- 99 days . 
nevertheless , said UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , editor of money fund report , yields `` may UNKNOWN up again before they UNKNOWN down '' because of recent rises in short-term interest rates . 
the yield on six-month treasury bills sold at monday 's auction , for example , rose to 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
despite recent declines in yields , investors continue to UNKNOWN cash into money funds . 
assets of the 999 taxable funds grew by $ 9.9 billion during the latest week , to $ 999.9 billion . 
typically , UNKNOWN yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates . 
the top money funds are currently yielding well over 9 % . 
dreyfus world-wide dollar , the UNKNOWN fund , had a seven-day compound yield of 9.99 % during the latest week , down from 9.99 % a week earlier . 
it UNKNOWN heavily in UNKNOWN securities overseas and is currently UNKNOWN management fees , which boosts its yield . 
the average seven-day simple yield of the 999 funds was 9.99 % , down from 9.99 % . 
the 99-day simple yield fell to an average 9.99 % from 9.99 % ; the 99-day compound yield slid to an average 9.99 % from 9.99 % . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vice chairman of UNKNOWN grace & co. , which holds a 99.9 % interest in this UNKNOWN company , was elected a director . 
he succeeds UNKNOWN d. UNKNOWN , formerly a UNKNOWN grace vice chairman , who resigned . 
UNKNOWN grace holds three of grace energy 's seven board seats . 
pacific first financial corp. said shareholders approved its acquisition by royal UNKNOWN ltd. of toronto for $ 99 a share , or $ 999 million . 
the thrift holding company said it expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end . 
UNKNOWN international inc. said its UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN unit completed the sale of its bailey controls operations to UNKNOWN s.p . a. for $ 999 million . 
UNKNOWN is an italian state-owned holding company with interests in the UNKNOWN engineering industry . 
bailey controls , based in UNKNOWN , ohio , makes computerized industrial controls systems . 
it employs 9,999 people and has annual revenue of about $ 999 million . 
the federal government suspended sales of u.s. savings bonds because congress has n't lifted the ceiling on government debt . 
until congress acts , the government has n't any authority to issue new debt obligations of any kind , the treasury said . 
the government 's borrowing authority dropped at midnight tuesday to $ 9.99 trillion from $ 9.99 trillion . 
legislation to lift the debt ceiling is UNKNOWN in the fight over cutting capital-gains taxes . 
the house has voted to raise the ceiling to $ 9.9 trillion , but the senate is n't expected to act until next week at the earliest . 
the treasury said the u.s. will default on nov. 9 if congress does n't act by then . 
clark j. UNKNOWN was named senior vice president and general manager of this u.s. sales and marketing arm of japanese auto maker UNKNOWN motor corp . 
in the new position he will UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's u.s. sales , service , parts and marketing operations . 
previously , mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , was general marketing manager of chrysler corp. 's chrysler division . 
he had been a sales and marketing executive with chrysler for 99 years . 
when it 's time for their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the nation 's manufacturing UNKNOWN typically jet off to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of resort towns like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and hot springs . 
not this year . 
the national association of manufacturers settled on the UNKNOWN capital of indianapolis for its fall board meeting . 
and the city decided to treat its guests more like royalty or rock stars than factory owners . 
the idea , of course : to prove to 999 corporate decision makers that the buckle on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is n't so UNKNOWN after all , that it 's a good place for a company to expand . 
on the receiving end of the message were officials from giants like du pont and UNKNOWN , along with lesser UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN steel and the valley queen UNKNOWN factory . 
for UNKNOWN , the executives joined mayor william h. UNKNOWN iii for an evening of the indianapolis UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and a guest UNKNOWN victor UNKNOWN . 
champagne and UNKNOWN followed . 
the next morning , with a police UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of executives and their wives UNKNOWN to the indianapolis motor UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN by traffic or red lights . 
the governor could n't make it , so the UNKNOWN governor welcomed the special guests . 
a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN was held in the museum , where food and drinks are banned to everyday visitors . 
then , in the guests ' honor , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN out four drivers , crews and even the official indianapolis 999 announcer for a UNKNOWN exhibition race . 
after the race , fortune 999 executives UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN over the cars and drivers . 
no UNKNOWN , the drivers pointed out they still had space on their machines for another sponsor 's name or two . 
back downtown , the UNKNOWN squeezed in a few meetings at the hotel before UNKNOWN the buses again . 
this time , it was for dinner and UNKNOWN -- a block away . 
under the stars and UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN indiana roof UNKNOWN , nine of the hottest chefs in town fed them indiana UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
knowing a UNKNOWN -- and free -- UNKNOWN when they eat one , the executives gave the chefs a standing UNKNOWN . 
more than a few UNKNOWN say the UNKNOWN treatment UNKNOWN them to return to a UNKNOWN city for future meetings . 
but for now , they 're looking forward to their winter meeting -- UNKNOWN in february . 
south korea registered a trade deficit of $ 999 million in october , reflecting the country 's economic UNKNOWN , according to government figures released wednesday . 
preliminary UNKNOWN by the trade and industry ministry showed another trade deficit in october , the fifth monthly setback this year , casting a cloud on south korea 's UNKNOWN economy . 
exports in october stood at $ 9.99 billion , a mere 9.9 % increase from a year earlier , while imports increased sharply to $ 9.99 billion , up 99 % from last october . 
south korea 's economic boom , which began in 9999 , stopped this year because of prolonged labor disputes , trade conflicts and sluggish exports . 
government officials said exports at the end of the year would remain under a government target of $ 99 billion . 
despite the UNKNOWN forecast , south korea has recorded a trade surplus of $ 99 million so far this year . 
from january to october , the nation 's UNKNOWN exports increased 9 % from the same period last year to $ 99.99 billion . 
imports were at $ 99.99 billion , up 99 % . 
newsweek , trying to keep pace with rival time magazine , announced new advertising rates for 9999 and said it will introduce a new incentive plan for advertisers . 
the new ad plan from newsweek , a unit of the washington post co. , is the second incentive plan the magazine has offered advertisers in three years . 
plans that give advertisers discounts for maintaining or increasing ad spending have become permanent UNKNOWN at the news UNKNOWN and underscore the fierce competition between newsweek , time warner inc. 's time magazine , and UNKNOWN b. UNKNOWN 's u.s. news & world report . 
alan UNKNOWN , recently named newsweek president , said newsweek 's ad rates would increase 9 % in january . 
a full , UNKNOWN page in newsweek will cost $ 999,999 . 
in mid-october , time magazine lowered its guaranteed circulation rate base for 9999 while not increasing ad page rates ; with a lower circulation base , time 's ad rate will be effectively 9.9 % higher per subscriber ; a full page in time costs about $ 999,999 . 
u.s. news has yet to announce its 9999 ad rates . 
newsweek said it will introduce the circulation credit plan , which awards space credits to advertisers on `` renewal advertising . '' 
the magazine will reward with `` page bonuses '' advertisers who in 9999 meet or exceed their 9999 spending , as long as they spent $ 999,999 in 9999 and $ 999,999 in 9999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN said the plan is not an attempt to shore up a decline in ad pages in the first nine months of 9999 ; newsweek 's ad pages totaled 9,999 , a drop of 9.9 % from last year , according to publishers information bureau . 
`` what matters is what advertisers are paying per page , and in that department we are doing fine this fall , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
both newsweek and u.s. news have been gaining circulation in recent years without heavy use of electronic UNKNOWN to subscribers , such as UNKNOWN or watches . 
however , none of the big three UNKNOWN recorded circulation gains recently . 
according to audit bureau of UNKNOWN , time , the largest UNKNOWN , had average circulation of 9,999,999 , a decrease of 9.9 % . 
newsweek 's circulation for the first six months of 9999 was 9,999,999 , flat from the same period last year . 
u.s. news ' circulation in the same time was 9,999,999 , down 9.9 % . 
new england electric system UNKNOWN out of the bidding for public service co. of new hampshire , saying that the risks were too high and the potential UNKNOWN too far in the future to justify a higher offer . 
the move leaves united illuminating co. and northeast utilities as the remaining outside bidders for ps of new hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in chapter 99 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company . 
new england electric , based in UNKNOWN , mass. , had offered $ 9 billion to acquire ps of new hampshire , well below the $ 9.99 billion value united illuminating places on its bid and the $ 9.99 billion northeast says its bid is worth . 
united illuminating is based in new haven , conn. , and northeast is based in hartford , conn . 
ps of new hampshire , UNKNOWN , n.h. , values its internal reorganization plan at about $ 9.9 billion . 
john rowe , president and chief executive officer of new england electric , said the company 's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid and its forecasts related to ps of new hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand and improved operating UNKNOWN -- did n't come true . 
`` when we UNKNOWN raising our bid , the risks seemed substantial and persistent over the next five years , and the rewards seemed a long way out . 
that got hard to take , '' he added . 
mr. rowe also noted that political concerns also worried new england electric . 
no matter who owns ps of new hampshire , after it UNKNOWN from bankruptcy proceedings its rates will be among the highest in the nation , he said . 
`` that UNKNOWN attention ... 
it was just another one of the risk factors '' that led to the company 's decision to withdraw from the bidding , he added . 
wilbur ross jr. of UNKNOWN inc. , the financial adviser to the troubled company 's equity holders , said the withdrawal of new england electric might speed up the reorganization process . 
the fact that new england proposed lower rate increases -- 9.9 % over seven years against around 9.9 % boosts proposed by the other two outside bidders -- complicated negotiations with state officials , mr. ross asserted . 
`` now the field is less UNKNOWN , '' he added . 
separately , the federal energy regulatory commission turned down for now a request by northeast seeking approval of its possible purchase of ps of new hampshire . 
northeast said it would UNKNOWN its request and still hopes for an UNKNOWN review by the UNKNOWN so that it could complete the purchase by next summer if its bid is the one approved by the bankruptcy court . 
ps of new hampshire shares closed yesterday at $ 9.99 , off 99 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
norman UNKNOWN , 99 years old and former president and chief operating officer of toys `` UNKNOWN '' us inc. , and frederick UNKNOWN jr. , 99 , chairman of UNKNOWN banking corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and appliances retailing chain . 
they succeed daniel m. UNKNOWN , retired circuit city executive vice president , and robert r. UNKNOWN , u.s. treasury UNKNOWN , on the 99-member board . 
commonwealth edison co. was ordered to refund about $ 999 million to its current and former UNKNOWN for illegal rates UNKNOWN for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant . 
the refund was about $ 99 million more than previously ordered by the illinois commerce commission and trade groups said it may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility . 
state court judge richard curry ordered edison to make average refunds of about $ 99 to $ 99 each to edison customers who have received electric service since april 9999 , including about two million customers who have moved during that period . 
judge curry ordered the refunds to begin feb. 9 and said that he would n't UNKNOWN any appeals or other attempts to block his order by commonwealth edison . 
`` the refund pool ... may not be held UNKNOWN through another round of appeals , '' judge curry said . 
commonwealth edison said it is already appealing the underlying commission order and is considering appealing judge curry 's order . 
the exact amount of the refund will be determined next year based on actual UNKNOWN made until dec. 99 of this year . 
commonwealth edison said the ruling could force it to slash its 9999 earnings by $ 9.99 a share . 
for 9999 , commonwealth edison reported earnings of $ 999.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share . 
a commonwealth edison spokesman said that tracking down the two million customers whose UNKNOWN have changed during the past 9 9\/9 years would be `` an administrative UNKNOWN . '' 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , commonwealth edison closed at $ 99.999 , down 99.9 cents . 
the $ 9.9 billion UNKNOWN 9 plant near UNKNOWN , ill. , was completed in 9999 . 
in a disputed 9999 ruling , the commerce commission said commonwealth edison could raise its electricity rates by $ 99 million to pay for the plant . 
but state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase and found the rates illegal . 
the illinois supreme court ordered the commission to audit commonwealth edison 's construction expenses and refund any unreasonable expenses . 
the utility has been collecting for the plant 's construction cost from its 9.9 million customers subject to a refund since 9999 . 
in august , the commission ruled that between $ 999 million and $ 999 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be UNKNOWN , plus interest . 
in his ruling , judge curry added an additional $ 99 million to the commission 's calculations . 
last month , judge curry set the interest rate on the refund at 9 % . 
commonwealth edison now faces an additional UNKNOWN refund on its summer / winter rate UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that the illinois appellate court has estimated at $ 999 million . 
and consumer groups hope that judge curry 's UNKNOWN 9 order may set a UNKNOWN for a second nuclear rate case involving commonwealth edison 's UNKNOWN 9 plant . 
commonwealth edison is seeking about $ 999 million in rate increases to pay for UNKNOWN 9 . 
the commission is expected to rule on the UNKNOWN 9 case by year end . 
last year commonwealth edison had to refund $ 99.9 million for poor performance of its UNKNOWN i nuclear plant . 
japan 's domestic sales of cars , trucks and buses in october rose 99 % from a year earlier to 999,999 units , a record for the month , the japan automobile dealers ' association said . 
the strong growth followed year-to-year increases of 99 % in august and 99 % in september . 
the monthly sales have been setting records every month since march . 
october sales , compared with the previous month , inched down 9.9 % . 
sales of passenger cars grew 99 % from a year earlier to 999,999 units . 
sales of medium-sized cars , which benefited from price reductions arising from introduction of the consumption tax , more than doubled to 99,999 units from 99,999 in october 9999 . 
texas instruments japan ltd. , a unit of texas instruments inc. , said it opened a plant in south korea to manufacture control devices . 
the new plant , located in UNKNOWN about 99 miles from seoul , will help meet increasing and diversifying demand for control products in south korea , the company said . 
the plant will produce control devices used in motor vehicles and household appliances . 
the survival of spinoff cray computer corp. as a fledgling in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on the creativity -- and UNKNOWN -- of its chairman and chief designer , seymour cray . 
not only is development of the new company 's initial machine tied directly to mr. cray , so is its balance sheet . 
documents filed with the securities and exchange commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that cray research inc. will withdraw the almost $ 999 million in financing it is providing the new firm if mr. cray leaves or if the UNKNOWN project he heads is scrapped . 
the documents also said that although the 99-year-old mr. cray has been working on the project for more than six years , the cray-9 machine is at least another year away from a fully operational UNKNOWN . 
moreover , there have been no orders for the cray-9 so far , though the company says it is talking with several prospects . 
while many of the risks were anticipated when UNKNOWN cray research first announced the spinoff in may , the UNKNOWN it attached to the financing had n't been made public until yesterday . 
`` we did n't have much of a choice , '' cray computer 's chief financial officer , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , said in an interview . 
`` the theory is that seymour is the chief designer of the cray-9 , and without him it could not be completed . 
cray research did not want to fund a project that did not include seymour . '' 
the documents also said that cray computer anticipates UNKNOWN perhaps another $ 999 million in financing beginning next september . 
but mr. UNKNOWN called that `` a UNKNOWN '' scenario . 
the filing on the details of the spinoff caused cray research stock to jump $ 9.999 yesterday to close at $ 99 in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
analysts noted yesterday that cray research 's decision to link its $ 99.9 million UNKNOWN note to mr. cray 's presence will UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN of the new company . 
`` it has to be considered as an additional risk for the investor , '' said gary p. UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN group inc. , minneapolis . 
`` cray computer will be a concept stock , '' he said . 
`` you either believe seymour can do it again or you do n't . '' 
besides the designer 's age , other risk factors for mr. cray 's new company include the cray-9 's tricky , UNKNOWN chip technology . 
the sec documents describe those chips , which are made of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , as being so fragile and minute they will require special UNKNOWN handling equipment . 
in addition , the cray-9 will contain 99 processors -- twice as many as the largest current supercomputer . 
cray computer also will face intense competition , not only from cray research , which has about 99 % of the world-wide supercomputer market and which is expected to roll out the UNKNOWN machine , a direct competitor with the cray-9 , in 9999 . 
the spinoff also will compete with international business machines corp. and japan 's big three -- hitachi ltd. , nec corp. and fujitsu ltd . 
the new company said it believes there are fewer than 999 potential customers for UNKNOWN priced between $ 99 million and $ 99 million -- UNKNOWN the cray-9 price range . 
under terms of the spinoff , cray research stockholders are to receive one cray computer share for every two cray research shares they own in a distribution expected to occur in about two weeks . 
no price for the new shares has been set . 
instead , the companies will leave it up to the marketplace to decide . 
cray computer has applied to trade on nasdaq . 
analysts UNKNOWN cray computer 's initial book value at about $ 9.99 a share . 
along with the note , cray research is UNKNOWN about $ 99 million in assets , primarily those related to the cray-9 development , which has been a drain on cray research 's earnings . 
UNKNOWN balance sheets clearly show why cray research favored the spinoff . 
without the cray-9 research and development expenses , the company would have been able to report a profit of $ 99.9 million for the first half of 9999 rather than the $ 9.9 million it posted . 
on the other hand , had it existed then , cray computer would have incurred a $ 99.9 million loss . 
mr. cray , who could n't be reached for comment , will work for the new colorado springs , colo. , company as an independent contractor -- the arrangement he had with cray research . 
regarded as the father of the supercomputer , mr. cray was paid $ 999,999 at cray research last year . 
at cray computer , he will be paid $ 999,999 . 
besides messrs. cray and UNKNOWN , other senior management at the company includes neil UNKNOWN , 99 , president and chief executive officer ; joseph m. UNKNOWN , 99 , vice president , engineering ; malcolm a. UNKNOWN , 99 , vice president , software ; and douglas r. UNKNOWN , 99 , vice president , hardware . 
all came from cray research . 
cray computer , which currently employs 999 people , said it expects a work force of 999 by the end of 9999 . 
john r. stevens , 99 years old , was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer , both new positions . 
he will continue to report to donald UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer . 
mr. stevens was executive vice president of this UNKNOWN holding company . 
arthur a. UNKNOWN , 99 , was named executive vice president of the company . 
he was previously president of the company 's eastern edison co. unit . 
john d. UNKNOWN , 99 , was named to succeed mr. UNKNOWN as president of eastern edison . 
previously he was vice president of eastern edison . 
robert p. UNKNOWN , 99 , was named senior vice president of eastern utilities . 
he was previously vice president . 
the u.s. , claiming some success in its trade UNKNOWN , removed south korea , taiwan and saudi arabia from a list of countries it is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor u.s. patents , UNKNOWN and other intellectual-property rights . 
however , five other countries -- china , thailand , india , brazil and mexico -- will remain on that so-called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , u.s. trade representative UNKNOWN hills announced . 
under the new u.s. trade law , those countries could face accelerated UNKNOWN investigations and stiff trade sanctions if they do n't improve their protection of intellectual property by next spring . 
mrs. hills said many of the 99 countries that she placed under varying degrees of scrutiny have made `` genuine progress '' on this UNKNOWN issue . 
she said there is `` growing UNKNOWN '' around the world that UNKNOWN of intellectual-property rights UNKNOWN all trading nations , and particularly the `` creativity and UNKNOWN of an { UNKNOWN } country 's own citizens . '' 
u.s. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate UNKNOWN for intellectual-property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists and authors and by UNKNOWN u.s. UNKNOWN firms from investing or marketing their best products there . 
mrs. hills UNKNOWN south korea for creating an intellectual-property task force and special enforcement teams of police officers and prosecutors trained to pursue movie and book UNKNOWN . 
seoul also has UNKNOWN effective UNKNOWN procedures to aid these teams , she said . 
taiwan has improved its standing with the u.s. by UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN copyright agreement , UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN law and introducing legislation to protect foreign movie producers from unauthorized UNKNOWN of their films . 
that measure could UNKNOWN taipei 's growing number of small UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to pay movie producers for showing their films . 
saudi arabia , for its part , has vowed to enact a copyright law compatible with international standards and to apply the law to computer software as well as to literary works , mrs. hills said . 
these three countries are n't completely off the hook , though . 
they will remain on a UNKNOWN list that includes 99 other countries . 
those countries -- including japan , italy , canada , greece and spain -- are still of some concern to the u.s. but are UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN problems for american patent and copyright owners than those on the `` priority '' list . 
gary UNKNOWN , a washington lawyer UNKNOWN in intellectual-property cases , said the threat of u.s. UNKNOWN , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by south korea , taiwan and saudi arabia . 
`` what this tells us is that u.s. trade law is working , '' he said . 
he said mexico could be one of the next countries to be removed from the priority list because of its efforts to UNKNOWN a new patent law . 
mrs. hills said that the u.s. is still concerned about `` disturbing developments in turkey and continuing slow progress in malaysia . '' 
she did n't elaborate , although earlier u.s. trade reports have complained of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in malaysia and UNKNOWN for u.s. pharmaceutical patents in turkey . 
the 9999 trade act requires mrs. hills to issue another review of the performance of these countries by april 99 . 
so far , mrs. hills has n't UNKNOWN any cases bad enough to merit an accelerated investigation under the so-called special 999 provision of the act . 
argentina said it will ask creditor banks to UNKNOWN its foreign debt of $ 99 billion -- the UNKNOWN in the developing world . 
the declaration by economy minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN is believed to be the first time such an action has been called for by an UNKNOWN official of such UNKNOWN . 
the latin american nation has paid very little on its debt since early last year . 
`` argentina UNKNOWN to reach a reduction of 99 % in the value of its external debt , '' mr. UNKNOWN said through his spokesman , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN met in august with u.s. assistant treasury secretary david UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN carlos UNKNOWN was in washington and new york this week to meet with banks . 
mr. UNKNOWN recently has said the government of president carlos UNKNOWN , who took office july 9 , feels a significant reduction of principal and interest is the only way the debt problem may be solved . 
but he has not said before that the country wants half the debt UNKNOWN . 
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . ) 
three computers that changed the face of personal computing were launched in 9999 . 
that year the apple ii , commodore UNKNOWN and tandy UNKNOWN came to market . 
the computers were crude by today 's standards . 
apple ii owners , for example , had to use their television sets as screens and UNKNOWN data on UNKNOWN . 
but apple ii was a major advance from apple i , which was built in a UNKNOWN by stephen UNKNOWN and steven jobs for UNKNOWN such as the UNKNOWN computer club . 
in addition , the apple ii was an affordable $ 9,999 . 
crude as they were , these early pcs triggered UNKNOWN product development in desktop models for the home and office . 
big mainframe computers for business had been around for years . 
but the new 9999 pcs -- unlike earlier UNKNOWN types such as the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN -- had UNKNOWN and could store about two pages of data in their memories . 
current pcs are more than 99 times faster and have memory capacity 999 times greater than their 9999 counterparts . 
there were many pioneer UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
william gates and paul allen in 9999 developed an early UNKNOWN system for pcs , and gates became an industry billionaire six years after ibm adapted one of these versions in 9999 . 
alan f. UNKNOWN , currently chairman of seagate technology , led the team that developed the disk drives for pcs . 
dennis UNKNOWN and dale UNKNOWN , two atlanta engineers , were UNKNOWN of the internal UNKNOWN that allow pcs to share data via the telephone . 
ibm , the world leader in computers , did n't offer its first UNKNOWN until august 9999 as many other companies entered the market . 
today , UNKNOWN shipments annually total some $ 99.9 billion world-wide . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , an australian pharmaceuticals company , said its UNKNOWN inc. affiliate acquired UNKNOWN inc. for $ 99 million . 
UNKNOWN is a new UNKNOWN pharmaceuticals concern that sells products under the UNKNOWN label . 
UNKNOWN said it owns 99 % of UNKNOWN 's voting stock and has an agreement to acquire an additional 99 % . 
that stake , together with its convertible preferred stock holdings , gives UNKNOWN the right to increase its interest to 99 % of UNKNOWN 's voting stock . 
oil production from australia 's bass UNKNOWN fields will be raised by 99,999 barrels a day to about 999,999 barrels with the launch of the UNKNOWN field , the first of five small fields scheduled to be brought into production before the end of 9999 . 
esso australia ltd. , a unit of new york-based exxon corp. , and broken hill UNKNOWN operate the fields in a joint venture . 
esso said the UNKNOWN field started production tuesday . 
output will be gradually increased until it reaches about 99,999 barrels a day . 
the field has reserves of 99 million barrels . 
reserves for the five new fields total 99 million barrels . 
the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN fields are expected to start producing early next year , and the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN fields later next year . 
esso said the fields were developed after the australian government decided in 9999 to make the first 99 million barrels from new fields free of UNKNOWN tax . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN corp. said it completed the $ 99.9 million sale of its southern optical subsidiary to a group led by the unit 's president , thomas r. sloan , and other managers . 
following the acquisition of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN by a buy-out group led by shearson lehman hutton earlier this year , the maker of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN decided to UNKNOWN itself of certain of its UNKNOWN businesses . 
the sale of southern optical is a part of the program . 
the white house said president bush has approved duty-free treatment for imports of certain types of watches that are n't produced in `` significant quantities '' in the u.s. , the virgin islands and other u.s. UNKNOWN . 
the action came in response to a UNKNOWN filed by UNKNOWN inc. for changes in the u.s. UNKNOWN system of preferences for imports from developing nations . 
previously , watch imports were denied such duty-free treatment . 
UNKNOWN had requested duty-free treatment for many types of watches , covered by 99 different u.s. tariff UNKNOWN . 
the white house said mr. bush decided to grant duty-free status for 99 categories , but turned down such treatment for other types of watches `` because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the u.s. and the virgin islands . '' 
UNKNOWN is a major u.s. producer and seller of watches , including UNKNOWN battery-operated watches assembled in the philippines and other developing nations covered by the u.s. tariff preferences . 
u.s. trade officials said the philippines and thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action . 
imports of the types of watches that now will be eligible for duty-free treatment totaled about $ 99.9 million in 9999 , a relatively small share of the $ 9.9 billion in u.s. watch imports that year , according to an aide to u.s. trade representative UNKNOWN hills . 
magna international inc. 's chief financial officer , james UNKNOWN , resigned and its chairman , frank stronach , is stepping in to help turn the UNKNOWN manufacturer around , the company said . 
mr. stronach will direct an effort to reduce overhead and curb capital spending `` until a more UNKNOWN level of profit is achieved and maintained , '' magna said . 
stephen UNKNOWN , currently vice president finance , will succeed mr. UNKNOWN . 
an ambitious expansion has left magna with excess capacity and a heavy debt load as the automotive industry enters a downturn . 
the company has reported declines in operating profit in each of the past three years , despite steady sales growth . 
magna recently cut its quarterly dividend in half and the company 's class a shares are UNKNOWN far below their 99-week high of 99.999 canadian dollars ( us$ 99.99 ) . 
on the toronto stock exchange yesterday , magna shares closed up 99.9 canadian cents to c$ 9.999 . 
mr. stronach , founder and controlling shareholder of magna , resigned as chief executive officer last year to seek , unsuccessfully , a seat in canada 's parliament . 
analysts said mr. stronach wants to resume a more influential role in running the company . 
they expect him to cut costs throughout the organization . 
the company said mr. stronach will UNKNOWN direct the restructuring , UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president and chief executive . 
neither they nor mr. UNKNOWN could be reached for comment . 
magna said mr. UNKNOWN resigned to pursue a consulting career , with magna as one of his clients . 
lord UNKNOWN , 99-year-old chairman of english china UNKNOWN plc , was named a nonexecutive director of this british chemical company . 
japanese investors nearly UNKNOWN bought up two new mortgage UNKNOWN mutual funds totaling $ 999 million , the u.s. federal national mortgage association said . 
the purchases show the strong interest of japanese investors in u.s. UNKNOWN instruments , fannie mae 's chairman , david o. maxwell , said at a news conference . 
he said more than 99 % of the funds were placed with japanese institutional investors . 
the rest went to investors from france and hong kong . 
earlier this year , japanese investors snapped up a similar , $ 999 million mortgage-backed securities mutual fund . 
that fund was put together by UNKNOWN group , a new york investment bank . 
the latest two funds were assembled jointly by goldman , sachs & co. of the u.s. and japan 's daiwa securities co . 
the new , seven-year funds -- one offering a fixed-rate return and the other with a UNKNOWN return linked to the london interbank offered rate -- offer two key advantages to japanese investors . 
first , they are designed to eliminate the risk of UNKNOWN -- mortgage-backed securities can be retired early if interest rates decline , and such UNKNOWN forces investors to UNKNOWN their money at lower rates . 
second , they channel monthly mortgage payments into semiannual payments , reducing the administrative burden on investors . 
by addressing those problems , mr. maxwell said , the new funds have become `` extremely attractive to japanese and other investors outside the u.s. . '' 
such devices have boosted japanese investment in mortgage-backed securities to more than 9 % of the $ 999 billion in such instruments outstanding , and their purchases are growing at a rapid rate . 
they also have become large purchasers of fannie mae 's corporate debt , buying $ 9.9 billion in fannie mae bonds during the first nine months of the year , or almost a UNKNOWN of the total amount issued . 
james l. UNKNOWN , 99-year-old executive vice president , was named a director of this oil concern , expanding the board to 99 members . 
UNKNOWN corp. said a federal bankruptcy court judge agreed to extend until march 9 , 9999 , the period in which the steel , aerospace and energy products company has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
the company is operating under chapter 99 of the federal bankruptcy code , giving it court protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it attempts to work out a plan to pay its debts . 
italian chemical giant montedison UNKNOWN , through its montedison acquisition n.v. indirect unit , began its $ 99-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of UNKNOWN n.v. , a maker of pharmaceuticals UNKNOWN in the netherlands . 
the offer , UNKNOWN in today 's editions of the wall street journal , is scheduled to expire at the end of november . 
montedison currently owns about 99 % of UNKNOWN 's common shares outstanding . 
the offer is being launched UNKNOWN to a previously announced agreement between the companies . 
japan 's reserves of gold , convertible foreign currencies , and special drawing rights fell by a hefty $ 9.99 billion in october to $ 99.99 billion , the finance ministry said . 
the total marks the sixth consecutive monthly decline . 
the UNKNOWN downturn reflects the intensity of bank of japan UNKNOWN UNKNOWN since june , when the u.s. currency temporarily surged above the 999.99 yen level . 
the announcement follows a sharper $ 9.9 billion decline in the country 's foreign reserves in september to $ 99.99 billion . 
pick a country , any country . 
it 's the latest investment UNKNOWN sweeping wall street : a rash of new closed-end country funds , those publicly traded portfolios that invest in stocks of a single foreign country . 
no fewer than 99 country funds have been launched or registered with regulators this year , triple the level of all of 9999 , according to charles e. simon & co. , a UNKNOWN research firm . 
the turf recently has ranged from UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN to portugal . 
next week , the philippine fund 's launch will be capped by a visit by philippine president UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- the first time a head of state has kicked off an issue at the big board here . 
the next province ? 
`` anything 's possible -- how about the new UNKNOWN fund ? '' UNKNOWN george foot , a managing partner at UNKNOWN management associates of UNKNOWN , mass . 
the recent explosion of country funds UNKNOWN the `` closed-end fund UNKNOWN '' of the 9999s , mr. foot says , when narrowly focused funds grew wildly popular . 
they fell into UNKNOWN after the 9999 crash . 
unlike traditional UNKNOWN mutual funds , most of these UNKNOWN portfolios are the `` closed-end '' type , issuing a fixed number of shares that trade publicly . 
the surge brings to nearly 99 the number of country funds that are or soon will be listed in new york or london . 
these funds now account for several billions of dollars in assets . 
`` people are looking to stake their claims '' now before the number of available nations runs out , says michael porter , an analyst at smith barney , harris upham & co. , new york . 
behind all the UNKNOWN is some UNKNOWN competition . 
as individual investors have turned away from the stock market over the years , securities firms have scrambled to find new products that brokers find easy to sell . 
and the firms are stretching their UNKNOWN far and wide to do it . 
financial planners often urge investors to diversify and to hold a UNKNOWN of international securities . 
and many emerging markets have UNKNOWN more mature markets , such as the u.s. and japan . 
country funds offer an easy way to get a taste of foreign stocks without the hard research of seeking out individual companies . 
but it does n't take much to get burned . 
political and currency gyrations can UNKNOWN the funds . 
another concern : the funds ' share prices tend to swing more than the broader market . 
when the stock market dropped nearly 9 % oct. 99 , for instance , the mexico fund plunged about 99 % and the spain fund fell 99 % . 
and most country funds were UNKNOWN more than most stocks after the 9999 crash . 
what 's so wild about the funds ' frenzy right now is that many are trading at historically fat premiums to the value of their underlying portfolios . 
after trading at an average discount of more than 99 % in late 9999 and part of last year , country funds currently trade at an average premium of 9 % . 
the reason : share prices of many of these funds this year have climbed much more sharply than the foreign stocks they hold . 
it 's probably worth paying a premium for funds that invest in markets that are partially closed to foreign investors , such as south korea , some specialists say . 
but some european funds recently have UNKNOWN ; spain fund has surged to a startling 999 % premium . 
it has been targeted by japanese investors as a good long-term play tied to 9999 's european economic integration . 
and several new funds that are n't even fully invested yet have jumped to trade at big premiums . 
`` i 'm very UNKNOWN to see these rich UNKNOWN , '' says smith barney 's mr. porter . 
the newly UNKNOWN premiums reflect the increasingly global marketing of some country funds , mr. porter suggests . 
unlike many u.s. investors , those in asia or europe seeking UNKNOWN exposure may be less UNKNOWN to paying higher prices for country funds . 
`` there may be an international UNKNOWN cast on the funds listed here , '' mr. porter says . 
nonetheless , plenty of u.s. analysts and money managers are UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN trading levels of some country funds . 
they argue that u.s. investors often can buy american depositary receipts on the big stocks in many funds ; these so-called UNKNOWN represent shares of foreign companies traded in the u.s. . 
that way investors can essentially buy the funds without paying the premium . 
for people who insist on jumping in now to buy the funds , UNKNOWN 's mr. foot says : `` the only advice i have for these folks is that those who come to the party late had better be ready to leave quickly . 
the u.s. and soviet union are holding technical talks about possible UNKNOWN by moscow of $ 999 million in UNKNOWN russian debts owed to the u.s. government , the state department said . 
if the debts are repaid , it could clear the way for soviet bonds to be sold in the u.s. . 
however , after two meetings with the soviets , a state department spokesman said that it 's `` too early to say '' whether that will happen . 
UNKNOWN with the talks , the state department said it has permitted a soviet bank to open a new york branch . 
the branch of the bank for foreign economic affairs was approved last spring and opened in july . 
but a soviet bank here would be UNKNOWN unless moscow found a way to settle the $ 999 million debt , which was lent to the country 's short-lived democratic UNKNOWN government before the communists UNKNOWN power in 9999 . 
under a 9999 law , the johnson debt default act , as amended , it 's illegal for americans to extend credit to countries in default to the u.s. government , unless they are members of the world bank and international monetary fund . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to neither organization . 
moscow has settled UNKNOWN debts with other countries in recent years at less than face value . 
the state department stressed the UNKNOWN debts as the key to UNKNOWN the johnson act . 
but the soviets might still face legal UNKNOWN to raising money in the u.s. until they settle hundreds of millions of dollars in additional debt still outstanding from the world war ii UNKNOWN program . 
in another UNKNOWN that the growth of the economy is UNKNOWN off , the government said that orders for manufactured goods and spending on construction failed to rise in september . 
meanwhile , the national association of purchasing management said its latest survey indicated that the manufacturing economy contracted in october for the sixth consecutive month . 
its index inched up to 99.9 % in october from 99 % in september . 
any reading below 99 % suggests the manufacturing sector is generally declining . 
the purchasing managers , however , also said that orders turned up in october after four months of decline . 
factories UNKNOWN $ 999.99 billion in orders in september , nearly the same as the $ 999.99 billion in august , the commerce department said . 
if not for a 99.9 % surge in orders for capital goods by defense contractors , factory orders would have fallen 9.9 % . 
in a separate report , the department said construction spending ran at an annual rate of $ 999.9 billion , not significantly different from the $ 999.9 billion reported for august . 
private construction spending was down , but government building activity was up . 
the figures in both reports were adjusted to remove the effects of usual seasonal patterns , but were n't adjusted for inflation . 
kenneth UNKNOWN , economist for society corp. , a cleveland bank , said demand for exports of factory goods is beginning to UNKNOWN off . 
at the same time , the drop in interest rates since the spring has failed to revive the residential construction industry . 
`` what sector is stepping forward to pick up the slack ? '' he asked . 
`` i draw a UNKNOWN . '' 
by most measures , the nation 's industrial sector is now growing very slowly -- if at all . 
factory UNKNOWN fell in september . 
so did the federal reserve board 's UNKNOWN index . 
yet many economists are n't predicting that the economy is about to slip into recession . 
they UNKNOWN a lack of `` imbalances '' that provide early warning signals of a downturn . 
inventories are closely watched for such UNKNOWN , for instance . 
economists say a buildup in inventories can UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in production that can lead to a recession . 
but yesterday 's factory orders report had good news on that front : it said factory inventories fell 9.9 % in september , the first decline since february 9999 . 
`` this UNKNOWN to the ` soft landing ' scenario , '' said UNKNOWN platt , an economist at donaldson , lufkin & jenrette securities corp . 
`` i do n't see any signs that inventories are excessive . '' 
a soft landing is an economic slowdown that UNKNOWN inflation without leading to a recession . 
the department said orders for UNKNOWN goods -- those intended to last fewer than three years -- fell 9.9 % in september to $ 999.99 billion after climbing 9.9 % the month before . 
orders for durable goods were up 9.9 % to $ 999.99 billion after rising 9.9 % the month before . 
the department previously estimated that UNKNOWN orders fell 9.9 % in september . 
factory shipments fell 9.9 % to $ 999.9 billion after rising 9.9 % in august . 
shipments have been relatively level since january , the commerce department noted . 
manufacturers ' UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN orders rose 9.9 % in september to $ 999.99 billion , helped by strength in the defense capital goods sector . 
excluding these orders , UNKNOWN declined 9.9 % . 
in its construction spending report , the commerce department said residential construction , which accounts for nearly half of all construction spending , was off 9.9 % in september to an annual rate of $ 999.9 billion . 
david UNKNOWN , economist for the mortgage bankers association , predicted the drop in interest rates eventually will boost spending on UNKNOWN homes , but probably not until early next year . 
spending on private , UNKNOWN construction was off 9.9 % to an annual rate of $ 99.9 billion with no sector showing strength . 
government construction spending rose 9.9 % to $ 99 billion . 
after adjusting for inflation , the commerce department said construction spending did n't change in september . 
for the first nine months of the year , total construction spending ran about 9 % above last year 's level . 
the government 's construction spending figures contrast with a report issued earlier in the week by mcgraw-hill inc. 's UNKNOWN dodge group . 
dodge reported an 9 % increase in construction contracts awarded in september . 
the UNKNOWN counts money as it is spent ; dodge counts contracts when they are awarded . 
the government includes money spent on residential UNKNOWN ; dodge does n't . 
although the purchasing managers ' index continues to indicate a slowing economy , it is n't UNKNOWN an imminent recession , said robert UNKNOWN , chairman of the association 's survey committee and director of materials management at pitney bowes inc. , stamford , conn . 
he said the index would have to be in the low 99 % range for several months to be considered a forecast of recession . 
the report offered new evidence that the nation 's export growth , though still continuing , may be slowing . 
only 99 % of the purchasing managers reported better export orders in october , down from 99 % in september . 
and 9 % said export orders were down last month , compared with 9 % the month before . 
the UNKNOWN managers ' report also added evidence that inflation is under control . 
for the fifth consecutive month , purchasing managers said prices for the goods they purchased fell . 
the decline was even UNKNOWN than in september . 
they also said that UNKNOWN were UNKNOWN goods more quickly in october than they had for each of the five previous months . 
economists consider that a sign that UNKNOWN pressures are UNKNOWN . 
when demand is stronger than suppliers can handle and delivery times UNKNOWN , prices tend to rise . 
the purchasing managers ' report is based on data provided by more than 999 purchasing executives . 
each of the survey 's indicators UNKNOWN the difference between the number of purchasers reporting improvement in a particular area and the number reporting a worsening . 
for the first time , the october survey UNKNOWN members on imports . 
it found that of the 99 % who import , 99 % said they imported more in october and 99 % said they imported less than the previous month . 
while UNKNOWN one month 's figures do n't prove a trend , mr. UNKNOWN said , `` it does lead you to suspect imports are going down , or at least not increasing that much . '' 
items listed as being in short supply UNKNOWN only about a dozen , but they included one UNKNOWN : milk and milk UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's an odd thing to put on the list , '' mr. UNKNOWN noted . 
he said that for the second month in a row , food processors reported a shortage of UNKNOWN dry milk . 
they blamed increased demand for UNKNOWN products at a time of exceptionally high u.s. exports of dry milk , coupled with very low import quotas . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in new york contributed to this article . 
here are the commerce department 's figures for construction spending in billions of dollars at seasonally adjusted annual rates . 
here are the commerce department 's latest figures for manufacturers in billions of dollars , seasonally adjusted . 
judging from the UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's `` a wild sheep chase '' ( UNKNOWN , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) , baby boomers on both sides of the pacific have a lot in common . 
although set in japan , the novel 's UNKNOWN is almost entirely western , especially american . 
characters drink UNKNOWN dogs , UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN b. UNKNOWN '' and watch UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
they read UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and talk about UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
they worry about their UNKNOWN , drink too much and suffer through broken UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN affairs . 
this is japan ? 
for an american reader , part of the UNKNOWN of this engaging novel should come in UNKNOWN that japan is n't the UNKNOWN society of contemporary american UNKNOWN . 
it 's also UNKNOWN to read a japanese author who clearly does n't belong to the UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' school of writers who UNKNOWN the notion of the unique japanese , UNKNOWN by outsiders . 
if `` a wild sheep chase '' carries an UNKNOWN message for international relations , it 's that the japanese are more like us than most of us think . 
that 's not to say that the UNKNOWN plot of `` a wild sheep chase '' is UNKNOWN in reality . 
it 's UNKNOWN and often funny . 
a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN sets off for snow country in search of an UNKNOWN sheep with a star on its back at the UNKNOWN of a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with a stanford degree . 
he has in UNKNOWN his UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , whose sassy UNKNOWN mark her as anything but a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
along the way , he UNKNOWN a UNKNOWN christian UNKNOWN who offers the UNKNOWN god 's phone number ; and the sheep man , a sweet , UNKNOWN figure who wears -- what else -- a UNKNOWN . 
the 99-year-old mr. UNKNOWN is a publishing UNKNOWN in japan . 
a more recent novel , `` UNKNOWN wood '' ( every japanese under 99 seems to be UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) , has sold more than four million copies since UNKNOWN published it in 9999 . 
but he is just one of several UNKNOWN writers -- tokyo 's UNKNOWN pack -- who are UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN charts in japan . 
their books are written in UNKNOWN , contemporary language and usually carry hefty UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN . 
in robert UNKNOWN 's `` you UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN '' ( macmillan , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) , the UNKNOWN give way to baseball , in the UNKNOWN version we would be hard put to call a `` game . '' 
as mr. UNKNOWN describes it , UNKNOWN baseball is a `` mirror of japan 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of hard work and UNKNOWN . '' 
`` UNKNOWN '' is japanese for `` team spirit '' and japanese UNKNOWN have miles and miles of it . 
a player 's commitment to practice and team image is as important as his UNKNOWN average . 
polls once named tokyo giants star UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a `` UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' as the male symbol of japan . 
but other than the fact that UNKNOWN is played with a ball and a UNKNOWN , it 's UNKNOWN : fans UNKNOWN return UNKNOWN balls to stadium UNKNOWN ; the strike zone UNKNOWN depending on the size of the UNKNOWN ; ties are permitted -- even welcomed -- since they UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of defeat ; players must UNKNOWN by strict rules of conduct even in their personal lives -- players for the tokyo giants , for example , must always wear ties when on the road . 
`` you UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN '' is the often amusing UNKNOWN of how american UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN to two per team , fare in japan . 
despite the enormous sums of money they 're paid to stand up at a japanese UNKNOWN , a good number decide it 's not worth it and run for home . 
`` funny business '' ( UNKNOWN , 999 pages , $ 99.99 ) by gary katzenstein is anything but . 
it 's the UNKNOWN complaint of an UNKNOWN american whom sony UNKNOWN for a year while he was on a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in tokyo -- to the regret of both parties . 
in sometimes amusing , more often UNKNOWN , even UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , mr. katzenstein describes how sony UNKNOWN even the most UNKNOWN aspects of its workers ' lives -- at the UNKNOWN office , where employees are assigned lunch partners -- and at `` home '' in the UNKNOWN company UNKNOWN run by a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
some of his UNKNOWN about japanese management style are on the mark . 
it 's probably true that many UNKNOWN put in UNKNOWN overtime just for the UNKNOWN of solidarity , that the system is so UNKNOWN that only the assistant manager can talk to the manager and the manager to the general manager , and that sony was UNKNOWN of letting a young , short-term american employee take on any responsibility . 
all of this must have been UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to mr. katzenstein , who went to sony with degrees in business and computer science and was UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN another UNKNOWN . 
but sony ultimately took a lesson from the american management books and fired mr. katzenstein , after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , founder of sony . 
it 's a UNKNOWN their meeting never took place . 
mr. katzenstein certainly would have learned something , and it 's even possible mr. UNKNOWN would have too . 
ms. UNKNOWN , the journal 's deputy editorial features editor , worked in tokyo for three years . 
more and more UNKNOWN of the globe are becoming free of tobacco smoke . 
in singapore , a new law requires UNKNOWN to put out their cigarettes before entering restaurants , department stores and sports centers or face a $ 999 fine . 
UNKNOWN and private UNKNOWN are exempt from the ban , and UNKNOWN will be permitted in UNKNOWN except during UNKNOWN hours , an official said . 
singapore already UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in all theaters , buses , public UNKNOWN , hospitals and fast-food restaurants . 
in malaysia , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a deputy minister in the prime minister 's office , launched a `` UNKNOWN week '' at the UNKNOWN institute of technology near kuala lumpur and urged other schools to ban UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
south korea has different concerns . 
in seoul , officials began visiting about 99,999 cigarette UNKNOWN to remove illegal UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN advertising imported cigarettes . 
south korea has opened its market to foreign cigarettes but UNKNOWN advertising to designated places . 
a marketing study indicates that hong kong consumers are the most UNKNOWN in the 99 major markets where the survey was carried out . 
the study by the backer spielvogel bates ad agency also found that the colony 's consumers feel more pressured than those in any of the other surveyed markets , which include the u.s. and japan . 
the survey found that nearly half of hong kong consumers UNKNOWN what it identified as UNKNOWN values , compared with about one-third in japan and the u.s. . 
more than three in five said they are under a great deal of stress most of the time , compared with less than one in two u.s. consumers and one in four in japan . 
the UNKNOWN cabinet endorsed finance minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's proposal to build a $ 99 million conference center for a joint meeting of the world bank and international monetary fund two years from now . 
the meeting , which is expected to draw 99,999 to UNKNOWN , was going to be held at the central plaza hotel , but the government balked at the hotel 's conditions for UNKNOWN necessary expansion . 
a major concern about the current plan is whether the new center can be built in such a short time . 
UNKNOWN arafat has written to the chairman of the international olympic committee asking him to back a palestinian bid to join the committee , the UNKNOWN liberation organization news agency UNKNOWN said . 
an official of the palestinian olympic committee said the committee first applied for membership in 9999 and renewed its application in august of this year . 
the plo in recent months has been trying to join international organizations but failed earlier this year to win membership in the world health organization and the world tourism organization . 
a beijing UNKNOWN assistant has become the first UNKNOWN chinese to get aids through sex , the people 's daily said . 
it said the man , whom it did not name , had been found to have the disease after hospital tests . 
once the disease was confirmed , all the man 's associates and family were tested , but none have so far been found to have aids , the newspaper said . 
the man had for a long time had `` a UNKNOWN sex life , '' including relations with foreign men , the newspaper said . 
the polish government increased home electricity charges by 999 % and doubled gas prices . 
the official news agency UNKNOWN said the increases were intended to bring UNKNOWN low energy charges into line with production costs and compensate for a rise in coal prices . 
in UNKNOWN news , south korea , in establishing UNKNOWN ties with poland yesterday , announced $ 999 million in loans to the financially strapped warsaw government . 
in a victory for environmentalists , hungary 's parliament terminated a UNKNOWN river UNKNOWN dam being built by UNKNOWN firms . 
the UNKNOWN dam was designed to be UNKNOWN with another dam , now nearly complete , 999 miles UNKNOWN in czechoslovakia . 
in ending hungary 's part of the project , parliament authorized prime minister UNKNOWN UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN a 9999 agreement with czechoslovakia , which still wants the dam to be built . 
mr. UNKNOWN said in parliament that czechoslovakia and hungary would suffer environmental damage if the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN were built as planned . 
czechoslovakia said in may it could seek $ 9 billion from hungary if the UNKNOWN contract were broken . 
the UNKNOWN dam ca n't be operated solely at peak periods without the UNKNOWN project . 
a painting by august UNKNOWN set a UNKNOWN price record when it sold at auction in stockholm for $ 9.99 million . 
`` UNKNOWN ii '' was painted in oils by the UNKNOWN in 9999 ... 
after years of decline , UNKNOWN in france showed a 9.9 % UNKNOWN last year , with 9,999 more couples UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in 9999 than in the previous year , the national statistics office said . 
but the number of UNKNOWN last year -- 999,999 -- was still well below the 999,999 registered in 9999 , the last year of increasing UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN ltd. said it agreed to issue 999 million canadian dollars ( us$ 99.9 million ) of 99.9 % senior debentures due nov. 99 , 9999 , together with 999,999 bond purchase warrants . 
the toronto-based real estate concern said each bond warrant UNKNOWN the holder to buy c$ 9,999 principal amount of debentures at par plus accrued interest to the date of purchase . 
the warrants expire nov. 99 , 9999 . 
the issue will be UNKNOWN into fixed-rate u.s. dollars at a rate the company said is less than 9 % ; a spokesman declined to elaborate . 
lead underwriters for the issue are UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN securities inc. , both toronto-based investment dealers . 
UNKNOWN said it expects to complete the issue by the end of the month . 
as an actor , charles lane is n't the UNKNOWN of charlie UNKNOWN 's spirit . 
steve martin has already UNKNOWN his claim to that . 
but it is mr. lane , as movie director , producer and writer , who has been UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's little tramp in a contemporary way . 
in 9999 , as a film student at the purchase UNKNOWN of the state university of new york , mr. lane shot `` a place in time , '' a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN film about a UNKNOWN artist , a man of the streets . 
now , 99 years later , mr. lane has UNKNOWN his artist in a UNKNOWN movie called `` sidewalk stories , '' a UNKNOWN piece of work about a UNKNOWN tramp . 
of course , if the film contained dialogue , mr. lane 's artist would be called a homeless person . 
so would the little tramp , for that matter . 
i say `` contained dialogue '' because `` sidewalk stories '' is n't really UNKNOWN at all . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a college friend of mr. lane 's who earns his living playing the double bass in UNKNOWN music UNKNOWN , has prepared an exciting , UNKNOWN score that tells you what the characters are thinking and feeling far more precisely than UNKNOWN , or even words , would . 
much of mr. lane 's film takes a highly UNKNOWN view of life on the streets ( though probably no more UNKNOWN than mr. UNKNOWN 's notion of the tramp as the UNKNOWN free spirit ) . 
UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN black and white by bill UNKNOWN , the new york streets of `` sidewalk stories '' seem UNKNOWN . 
on wall street men and women walk with great purpose , UNKNOWN one another only when they UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN . 
the artist UNKNOWN out in greenwich village , on a strip of sixth avenue UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN and other UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
( this clearly is not real life : no crack dealers , no UNKNOWN men selling four-year-old copies of UNKNOWN , no one UNKNOWN up in a UNKNOWN box . ) 
the artist has his routine . 
he spends his days UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , or trying to . 
at night he returns to the UNKNOWN building he calls home . 
his life , including his UNKNOWN with a competing UNKNOWN artist , seems UNKNOWN . 
he is his own man . 
then , just as the tramp is given a UNKNOWN girl to cure in `` city lights , '' the artist is put in charge of returning a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) , whose father has been UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN , to her mother . 
this UNKNOWN child turns out to be a UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN . 
she gives the artist a sense of purpose , but also UNKNOWN him to the serious UNKNOWN of his UNKNOWN life . 
the UNKNOWN at the UNKNOWN mission seem far UNKNOWN when he has to UNKNOWN a little girl into one of them at night . 
to further load the stakes , mr. lane UNKNOWN up a highly UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for the artist , with a young woman who owns her own children 's shop and who lives in an expensive UNKNOWN apartment building . 
this story line might UNKNOWN more strongly if mr. lane had as strong a presence in front of the camera as he does behind it . 
mr. lane 's final purpose is n't to UNKNOWN the artist 's UNKNOWN existence . 
he has a point he wants to make , and he makes it , with a great deal of force . 
the movie ends with sound , the sound of street people talking , and there is n't anything UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN in those rough , UNKNOWN voices . 
the french film maker UNKNOWN UNKNOWN has managed another kind of UNKNOWN achievement with his `` story of women . '' 
he has made a harsh , UNKNOWN picture -- one that 's UNKNOWN -- about a character who , viewed from the most sympathetic UNKNOWN , would seem UNKNOWN . 
yet this woman , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , carries historical significance , both as one of the last women to be executed in france and as a symbol of the UNKNOWN government 's UNKNOWN . 
while UNKNOWN UNKNOWN with the germans during world war ii in the deaths of thousands of resistance UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , its officials needed a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , was their woman . 
she became an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , and continued because it enabled her to buy UNKNOWN , cocoa and other UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
she was UNKNOWN and , in one UNKNOWN job killed a client . 
her UNKNOWN was UNKNOWN and brief . 
although she was kind and UNKNOWN to her children , she was UNKNOWN to her UNKNOWN husband ; she openly brought her UNKNOWN into their home . 
as presented by mr. UNKNOWN , and played with UNKNOWN intensity by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN ( called UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the film ) was not a nice person . 
but she did n't deserve to have her head UNKNOWN off . 
there is very little to recommend `` old UNKNOWN , '' a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of the carlos UNKNOWN novel of the mexican revolution . 
most of the picture is taken up with endless scenes of many people either fighting or eating and drinking to UNKNOWN victory . 
i mention the picture only because many bad movies have a bright spot , and this one has UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , in a UNKNOWN loose and energetic UNKNOWN of an old man who wants to die the way he wants to die . 
video tip : before seeing `` sidewalk stories , '' take a look at `` city lights , '' UNKNOWN 's tramp at his UNKNOWN . 
boeing co. said it is discussing plans with three of its regular japanese suppliers to possibly help build a larger version of its popular 999 UNKNOWN . 
the discussions are still in preliminary stages , and the specific details have n't been worked out between the seattle aerospace company and UNKNOWN heavy industries ltd. , mitsubishi heavy industries ltd. and fuji heavy industries ltd . 
the three japanese companies build the body sections of the 999 , accounting for a combined 99 % of the aircraft . 
japanese press reports have speculated that the japanese contribution could rise to between 99 % and 99 % under the new program . 
if boeing goes ahead with the larger 999 , the plane could hit the market in the mid-9999s . 
this is the year the negative ad , for years a secondary presence in most political campaigns , became the main event . 
the irony is that the attack commercial , after getting a boost in last year 's presidential campaign , has come of age in an UNKNOWN election year with only a few UNKNOWN scattered across the country . 
but in the three leading political UNKNOWN of 9999 , the negative ads have reached new levels of UNKNOWN , raising fears that this kind of UNKNOWN , empty of significant issues , is UNKNOWN in a new era of campaigns without content . 
`` now , '' says joseph UNKNOWN , a pioneer in political television , `` the idea is to attack first , last and always . '' 
a trend that started with the first UNKNOWN of politics , accelerated with the UNKNOWN of the television age and became a UNKNOWN art form in 9999 , has reached an entirely new stage . 
`` to get people 's attention these days , '' says douglas bailey , a political consultant , `` your tv ad needs to be bold and UNKNOWN , and , more often than not , that means UNKNOWN . 
and , unlike a few years ago , you do n't even have to worry whether the ad is UNKNOWN . '' 
in 9999 , as often as not , the principal UNKNOWN in the major campaigns are prompted by the ads themselves . 
take a look , then , at the main attack commercials that set the tone for tuesday 's elections in new york city , new jersey and virginia : 
new york city : 
the screen UNKNOWN with a small , tight UNKNOWN shot of david dinkins , democratic candidate for mayor of new york city . 
`` david dinkins failed to file his income taxes for four straight years , '' says a UNKNOWN male voice . 
and then this television commercial , paid for by republican rudolph giuliani 's campaign and produced by roger ailes , the master of negative tv ads , really gets down to business . 
mr. dinkins , the ad charges , also failed to report his campaign contributions UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN his links to a failing insurance company and paid a convicted UNKNOWN `` through a phony organization with no members , no receipts and no office . '' 
`` david dinkins , '' says the UNKNOWN , `` why does he always wait until he 's caught ? '' 
`` nasty UNKNOWN , '' says john UNKNOWN , mr. dinkins 's issues director , `` designed to UNKNOWN a case of political corruption that simply does n't exist . '' 
UNKNOWN by the giuliani ads , mr. dinkins 's tv consultants , robert UNKNOWN and david UNKNOWN , finally UNKNOWN a negative ad of their own . 
the screen shows two distorted , UNKNOWN photos , UNKNOWN of two politicians . 
`` compare two candidates for mayor , '' says the announcer . 
`` one says he 's for banning UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the other has opposed a ban on UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
one claims he 's pro-choice . 
the other has opposed a woman 's right to choose . '' 
`` funny thing , '' says the UNKNOWN , `` both these candidates are named rudolph giuliani . '' 
who 's telling the truth ? 
everybody -- and nobody . 
it 's a classic situation of ads that are true but not always fully accurate . 
mr. dinkins did fail to file his income taxes for four years , but he insists he voluntarily admitted the `` oversight '' when he was being considered for a city job . 
he was on the board of an insurance company with financial problems , but he insists he made no secret of it . 
the city 's campaign finance board has refused to pay mr. dinkins $ 99,999 in matching funds because his campaign records are incomplete . 
the campaign has blamed these reporting problems on computer errors . 
and , says mr. dinkins , he did n't know the man his campaign paid for a UNKNOWN effort had been convicted of UNKNOWN . 
but , say mr. dinkins 's managers , he did have an office and his organization did have members . 
mr. giuliani 's campaign chairman , peter powers , says the dinkins ad is `` deceptive . '' 
the other side , he argues , `` knows giuliani has always been pro-choice , even though he has personal reservations . 
they know he is generally opposed to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , but that he had some reservations about the language in the legislation . '' 
virginia : 
democratic UNKNOWN gov. douglas wilder opened his gubernatorial battle with republican marshall coleman with an abortion commercial produced by frank UNKNOWN that analysts of every political UNKNOWN agree was a tour de force . 
against a shot of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on an american flag , an announcer talks about the `` strong tradition of freedom and individual UNKNOWN '' that UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN for generations . 
then , just as an image of the UNKNOWN of thomas jefferson UNKNOWN from the screen , the announcer continues : `` on the issue of abortion , marshall coleman wants to take away your right to choose and give it to the politicians . '' 
that commercial -- which said mr. coleman wanted to take away the right of abortion `` even in cases of rape and incest , '' a charge mr. coleman denies -- changed the dynamics of the campaign , UNKNOWN it , at least in part , into a UNKNOWN on abortion . 
the ad prompted mr. coleman , the former virginia attorney general , to launch a series of UNKNOWN created by bob goodman and designed to shake mr. wilder 's support among the very women who were attracted by the abortion ad . 
the coleman UNKNOWN featured a UNKNOWN of a young woman in UNKNOWN and the ad suggested that she was UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
a voice says , `` UNKNOWN , now , do n't you have UNKNOWN ? '' 
then an announcer UNKNOWN : `` it was douglas wilder who introduced a bill to force rape victims age 99 and younger to be UNKNOWN about their private lives by lawyers for accused UNKNOWN . 
so the next time mr. wilder talks about the rights of women , ask him about this law he tried to pass . '' 
mr. wilder did introduce such legislation 99 years ago , but he did so at the request of a UNKNOWN , a common legislative technique used by lawmakers . 
the legislation itself noted that it was introduced `` by request , '' and in 9999 mr. wilder introduced a bill to protect rape victims from UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
`` people have grown UNKNOWN of these ads and coleman has gotten the UNKNOWN of being a negative UNKNOWN , '' says mark UNKNOWN , a political scientist at mary washington college . 
`` wilder has managed to get across the idea that coleman will say anything to get elected governor and -- more important -- has been able to put the UNKNOWN for all the negative UNKNOWN on coleman . '' 
mr. coleman said this week that he would UNKNOWN the remainder of the political season to positive UNKNOWN , but the UNKNOWN lasted only hours . 
by tuesday night , television stations were carrying new ads featuring mr. coleman himself raising questions about mr. wilder 's UNKNOWN to rape victims . 
new jersey : 
the attacks began when democratic rep. james florio UNKNOWN an ad featuring a drawing of UNKNOWN and a UNKNOWN of mr. florio 's rival , republican rep. jim courter . 
`` remember UNKNOWN ? '' says a female voice . 
`` consider jim courter . '' 
and then this commercial , produced by bob UNKNOWN , gets down to its own mean and UNKNOWN business . 
pictures of UNKNOWN oil UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into focus , and the female voice UNKNOWN , `` that hazardous waste on his { mr. courter 's } property -- the neighbors are suing for consumer fraud . '' 
and the nose on mr. courter 's face grows . 
the only fraud involved , UNKNOWN mr. courter 's UNKNOWN , is the florio commercial itself , and so the courter campaign has responded with its own UNKNOWN commercial , produced by mr. ailes . 
in this one , the screen UNKNOWN with photographs of both candidates . 
`` who 's really lying ? '' asks a female voice . 
`` florio 's lying , '' the voice goes on , because `` the barrel on courter 's land ... contained heating oil , was UNKNOWN up and caused no pollution . '' 
mr. courter 's long nose UNKNOWN while mr. florio 's grows . 
who 's telling the truth ? 
stephen UNKNOWN , a political scientist at new jersey 's UNKNOWN institute , says it 's another example of an ad that 's true but not fully accurate . 
barrels were dumped on the courter property , a complaint was made , but there is no evidence the barrels were a serious threat to the environment . 
even so , according to mr. UNKNOWN , the ad was `` devastating '' because it raised questions about mr. courter 's credibility . 
but it 's building on a long tradition . 
in 9999 , on route to a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of democrat frank UNKNOWN , gop gov. nelson rockefeller of new york appeared in person saying , `` if you want to keep the crime rates high , UNKNOWN is your man . '' 
a seat on the chicago board of trade was sold for $ 999,999 , down $ 99,999 from the previous sale last friday . 
seats currently are quoted at $ 999,999 , bid , and $ 999,999 , asked . 
the record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 999,999 , set aug. 99 , 9999 . 
japanese investment in southeast asia is UNKNOWN the region toward economic integration . 
interviews with analysts and business people in the u.s. suggest that japanese capital may produce the economic cooperation that southeast asian politicians have pursued in fits and starts for decades . 
but japan 's power in the region also is UNKNOWN fears of domination and UNKNOWN fresh policy questions . 
the flow of japanese funds has set in motion `` a process UNKNOWN these economies will be UNKNOWN together by the great japanese investment machine , '' says robert UNKNOWN , vice chairman of goldman sachs international corp . 
in the past five years , japanese companies have tripled their commitments in asia to $ 9.99 billion . 
in thailand , for example , the government 's board of investment approved $ 999.9 million of japanese investment in 9999 , 99 times the u.s. investment figure for the year . 
japan 's commitment in southeast asia also includes steep increases in foreign assistance and trade . 
asia 's other UNKNOWN countries are following japan 's lead and pumping capital into the region . 
in taiwan and south korea , rising wages are forcing manufacturers to seek other overseas sites for UNKNOWN production . 
these nations , known as asia 's `` little UNKNOWN , '' also are contributing to southeast asia 's integration , but their influence will remain subordinate to japan 's . 
for UNKNOWN countries such as thailand and malaysia , the investment will provide needed jobs and spur growth . 
but asian nations ' harsh memories of their military domination by japan in the early part of this century make them fearful of falling under japanese economic UNKNOWN now . 
because of budget UNKNOWN in washington , the u.s. UNKNOWN japan to share economic burdens in the region . 
but it UNKNOWN yielding political ground . 
in the coming decade , analysts say , UNKNOWN relations will be tested as tokyo comes to terms with its new status as the region 's economic UNKNOWN . 
japan 's UNKNOWN investment in southeast asia is part of its economic evolution . 
in the past decade , japanese manufacturers concentrated on domestic production for export . 
in the 9999s , spurred by rising labor costs and the strong yen , these companies will increasingly turn themselves into UNKNOWN with plants around the world . 
to capture the investment , southeast asian nations will move to accommodate japanese business . 
these nations ' internal decisions `` will be made in a way not to UNKNOWN their largest aid UNKNOWN , largest private investor and largest lender , '' says richard UNKNOWN , director of the international business and research program at the university of southern california 's graduate school of business . 
japanese money will help turn southeast asia into a more UNKNOWN economic region . 
but , analysts say , asian cooperation is n't likely to parallel the european common market approach . 
rather , japanese investment will spur integration of certain sectors , says kent UNKNOWN , a specialist in east asian economies at the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN school for public and UNKNOWN affairs at princeton university . 
in electronics , for example , a japanese company might make television picture UNKNOWN in japan , UNKNOWN the sets in malaysia and export them to UNKNOWN . 
`` the effect will be to pull asia together not as a common market but as an integrated production zone , '' says goldman sachs 's mr. UNKNOWN . 
countries in the region also are beginning to consider a UNKNOWN for closer economic and political ties . 
the economic and foreign ministers of 99 asian and pacific nations will meet in australia next week to discuss global trade issues as well as regional matters such as transportation and telecommunications . 
participants will include the u.s. , australia , canada , japan , south korea and new zealand as well as the six members of the association of southeast asian nations -- thailand , malaysia , singapore , UNKNOWN , the philippines and UNKNOWN . 
in addition , the u.s. this year offered its own plan for cooperation around the pacific UNKNOWN in a major speech by secretary of state james baker , following up a proposal made in january by australian prime minister bob UNKNOWN . 
the baker proposal UNKNOWN washington 's intention to continue playing a leading political role in the region . 
`` in asia , as in europe , a new order is taking shape , '' mr. baker said . 
`` the u.s. , with its regional friends , must play a crucial role in designing its architecture . '' 
but maintaining u.s. influence will be difficult in the face of japanese UNKNOWN in the region . 
japan not only UNKNOWN the u.s. in investment flows but also UNKNOWN it in trade with most southeast asian countries ( although the u.s. remains the leading trade partner for all of asia ) . 
moreover , the japanese government , now the world 's largest aid UNKNOWN , is pumping far more assistance into the region than the u.s. is . 
while u.s. officials voice UNKNOWN about japan 's UNKNOWN role in asia , they also UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN of caution . 
`` there 's an understanding on the part of the u.s. that japan has to expand its functions '' in asia , says j. michael UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of commerce for trade . 
`` if they approach it with a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN attitude , there will be a net gain for everyone . '' 
some asian nations are UNKNOWN about washington 's demand that tokyo step up its military spending to ease the u.s. security burden in the region . 
the issue is further complicated by uncertainty over the future of the u.s. 's leases on military bases in the philippines and by a possible u.s. troop reduction in south korea . 
many UNKNOWN regard a u.s. presence as a desirable UNKNOWN to japanese influence . 
`` no one wants the u.s. to pick up its UNKNOWN and go home , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
for their part , taiwan and south korea are expected to step up their own investments in the next decade to try to slow the japanese UNKNOWN . 
`` they do n't want japan to UNKNOWN the region and UNKNOWN it up , '' says UNKNOWN lee , professor of east asian politics at the university of pennsylvania . 
UNKNOWN rice could hardly believe her eyes . 
while giving the comprehensive test of basic skills to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at greenville high school last march 99 , she spotted a student looking at UNKNOWN sheets . 
she had seen cheating before , but these notes were UNKNOWN . 
`` a UNKNOWN is an example of a profession in trade and finance ... . 
at the end of world war ii , germany UNKNOWN before japan ... . 
the UNKNOWN conference committee is used when a bill is passed by the house and senate in different forms . '' 
virtually word for word , the notes matched questions and answers on the UNKNOWN section of the test the student was taking . 
in fact , the student had the answers to almost all of the 99 questions in that section . 
the student UNKNOWN the notes , but not without a protest . 
`` my teacher said it was ok for me to use the notes on the test , '' he said . 
the teacher in question was UNKNOWN yeargin -- considered by many students and parents to be one of the best at the school . 
UNKNOWN , mrs. yeargin admitted she had given the questions and answers two days before the examination to two UNKNOWN geography classes . 
she had gone so far as to display the questions on an overhead UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN the answers . 
mrs. yeargin was fired and UNKNOWN under an unusual south carolina law that makes it a crime to breach test security . 
in september , she pleaded guilty and paid a $ 999 fine . 
her alternative was 99 days in jail . 
her story is partly one of personal UNKNOWN . 
she was an UNKNOWN teacher who won UNKNOWN and inspired students , but she will probably never teach again . 
in her wake she left the UNKNOWN and anger of a principal who was her friend and now calls her a UNKNOWN ; of colleagues who say she brought them UNKNOWN ; of students and parents who defended her and insist she was treated UNKNOWN ; and of UNKNOWN officials stunned that despite the UNKNOWN nature of her actions , she became something of a local UNKNOWN . 
mrs. yeargin 's case also UNKNOWN some light on the dark side of school reform , where pressures on teachers are growing and where UNKNOWN testing has enhanced the UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN . 
the 9999 statute mrs. yeargin violated was designed to enforce provisions of south carolina 's UNKNOWN laws . 
prosecutors alleged that she was trying to bolster students ' scores to win a bonus under the state 's 9999 education improvement act . 
the bonus UNKNOWN on her ability to produce higher UNKNOWN scores . 
`` there is UNKNOWN pressure on school systems and teachers to raise test scores , '' says walt UNKNOWN , an education professor and testing specialist at boston college . 
`` so efforts to beat the tests are also on the rise . '' 
and most disturbing , it is educators , not students , who are blamed for much of the wrongdoing . 
a UNKNOWN study released in september by friends for education , an UNKNOWN , n.m. , UNKNOWN group , concluded that `` outright cheating by american educators '' is `` common . '' 
the group says standardized achievement test scores are greatly UNKNOWN because teachers often `` teach the test '' as mrs. yeargin did , although most are never caught . 
evidence of widespread cheating has surfaced in several states in the last year or so . 
california 's education department suspects adult responsibility for UNKNOWN at 99 schools that changed wrong answers to right ones on a statewide test . 
after numerous UNKNOWN of questionable teacher help to students , texas is UNKNOWN its security practices . 
and sales of UNKNOWN booklets for classroom instruction are booming . 
these materials , including macmillan / mcgraw-hill school publishing co. 's scoring high and learning materials -- are nothing short of sophisticated UNKNOWN sheets , according to some recent academic research . 
by using them , teachers -- with administrative UNKNOWN -- telegraph to students UNKNOWN the precise areas on which a test will concentrate , and sometimes give away a few exact questions and answers . 
use of scoring high is widespread in south carolina and common in greenville county , mrs. yeargin 's school district . 
experts say there is n't another state in the country where tests mean as much as they do in south carolina . 
under the state 's education improvement act , low test scores can block students ' promotions or force entire districts into UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN `` UNKNOWN '' that can mean UNKNOWN . 
high test scores , on the other hand , bring recognition and extra money -- a new computer UNKNOWN for a school , grants for special projects , a bonus for the UNKNOWN . 
and south carolina says it is getting results . 
since the reforms went in place , for example , no state has posted a higher rate of improvement on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN test than south carolina , although the state still posts the lowest average score of the about 99 states who use the sat as the primary college UNKNOWN examination . 
critics say south carolina is paying a price by stressing improved test scores so much . 
friends of education rates south carolina one of the worst seven states in its study on academic cheating . 
says the organization 's founder , john UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN mrs. yeargin is `` a way for administrators to protect themselves and look like they take cheating seriously , when in fact they do n't take it seriously at all . '' 
paul UNKNOWN , director of testing for the south carolina department of education , says mr. UNKNOWN 's allegations of cheating `` are UNKNOWN without foundation , '' and based on unfair UNKNOWN . 
partly because of worries about potential abuse , however , he says the state will begin keeping closer track of UNKNOWN preparation booklets next spring . 
south carolina 's reforms were designed for schools like greenville high school . 
standing on a UNKNOWN hill in a UNKNOWN area of this old textile city , the school has UNKNOWN many of south carolina 's best and UNKNOWN , including the state 's last two governors , nobel prize winning UNKNOWN charles UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
but by the early 9999s , its glory had faded like the yellow bricks of its broad UNKNOWN . 
`` it was full of violence and gangs and kids cutting class , '' says UNKNOWN ward , the school 's principal . 
`` crime was awful , test scores were low , and there was no UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN programs . '' 
mrs. ward took over in 9999 , becoming the school 's seventh principal in 99 years . 
her immediate predecessor suffered a nervous UNKNOWN . 
prior to his term , a teacher UNKNOWN to death in the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN by a student . 
UNKNOWN , mrs. ward says , the school was having trouble serving in UNKNOWN its two UNKNOWN , and evenly split , student groups : a UNKNOWN white UNKNOWN from old UNKNOWN neighborhoods and blacks , many of them poor , from UNKNOWN , inner city neighborhoods . 
mrs. ward resolved to clean out `` UNKNOWN '' in the school 's faculty and restore safety , and she also had some new factors working in her behalf . 
one was statewide school reform , which raised overall educational funding and UNKNOWN in a new public spirit for school UNKNOWN . 
another was UNKNOWN yeargin , who came to greenville in 9999 , full of the energy and ambitions that reformers wanted to reward . 
`` being a teacher just became my life , '' says the 99-year-old mrs. yeargin , a teacher for 99 years before her UNKNOWN . `` 
i loved the school , its history . 
i even UNKNOWN about school and new things to do with my students . '' 
while mrs. ward fired and restructured staff and struggled to improve curriculum , mrs. yeargin worked 99-hour days and fast became a student favorite . 
in 9999-99 and 9999-99 , she applied for and won bonus pay under the reform law . 
encouraged by mrs. ward , mrs. yeargin taught honor students in the state `` teacher UNKNOWN '' program , a reform creation designed to encourage good students to consider teaching as a career . 
she won grant money for the school , advised UNKNOWN , ran the UNKNOWN club , proposed and taught a new `` cultural UNKNOWN '' class in western UNKNOWN and was chosen by the school UNKNOWN as `` teacher of the year . '' 
`` she was an UNKNOWN lady ; she had it all together , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN at the university of south carolina who had mrs. yeargin in the UNKNOWN class last year . 
she says that because of mrs. yeargin she gave up ambitions in architecture and is studying to become a teacher . 
mary UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , a greenville 99th UNKNOWN , also says mrs. yeargin inspired her to go into education . 
`` she taught us more in western UNKNOWN than i 've ever learned in other classes , '' says UNKNOWN green , a greenville senior . 
in the classroom , students say , mrs. yeargin UNKNOWN herself by varying teaching approaches -- forcing kids to pair up to complete classroom work or using UNKNOWN type UNKNOWN . 
on UNKNOWN , she came to work to prepare study plans or sometimes , even to polish the furniture in her classroom . 
`` she just never gave it up , '' says mary UNKNOWN , mary UNKNOWN 's mother . 
`` you 'd see her UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the stands at a football game . '' 
some fellow teachers , however , viewed mrs. yeargin as UNKNOWN and too yielding to students . 
mrs. ward says she often defended her to colleagues who called her a UNKNOWN . 
pressures began to build . 
friends told her she was pushing too hard . 
because of deteriorating hearing , she told colleagues she feared she might not be able to teach much longer . 
mrs. yeargin 's extra work was also helping her earn points in the state 's UNKNOWN program . 
but the most important source of points was student improvement on tests . 
huge gains by her students in 9999 and 9999 meant a total of $ 9,999 in bonuses over two years -- a UNKNOWN addition to her annual salary of $ 99,999 . 
winning a bonus for a third year was n't that important to her , mrs. yeargin insists . 
but others at greenville high say she was eager to win -- if not for money , then for pride and recognition . 
mary elizabeth UNKNOWN , another UNKNOWN teacher , says she believed mrs. yeargin wanted to keep her standing high so she could get a new job that would n't demand good hearing . 
indeed , mrs. yeargin was interested in a possible job with the state teacher UNKNOWN program . 
last march , after attending a teaching UNKNOWN in washington , mrs. yeargin says she returned to greenville two days before annual testing feeling that she had n't prepared her UNKNOWN geography students adequately . 
when test booklets were passed out 99 hours ahead of time , she says she UNKNOWN questions in the social studies section and gave the answers to students . 
mrs. yeargin admits she made a big mistake but insists her UNKNOWN were correct . 
`` i was trying to help kids in an unfair testing situation , '' she says . 
`` only five of the 99 questions were geography questions . 
the rest were history , UNKNOWN , finance -- subjects they never had . '' 
mrs. yeargin says that she also wanted to help lift greenville high school 's overall test scores , usually near the bottom of 99 district high schools in UNKNOWN carried annually by local newspapers . 
mostly , she says , she wanted to prevent the damage to UNKNOWN that her UNKNOWN students would suffer from doing badly on the test . 
`` these kids broke my heart , '' she says . 
`` a whole day goes by and no one even knows they 're alive . 
they desperately needed somebody who showed they UNKNOWN for them , who loved them . 
the last thing they needed was another UNKNOWN blow . '' 
school officials and prosecutors say mrs. yeargin is lying . 
they found students in an advanced class a year earlier who said she gave them similar help , although because the case was n't tried in court , this evidence was never presented publicly . 
`` that pretty much UNKNOWN any UNKNOWN that she was out to help the poor UNKNOWN child , '' says joe watson , the prosecutor in the case , who is also president of greenville high school 's UNKNOWN association . 
mrs. yeargin concedes that she went over the questions in the earlier class , adding : `` i wanted to help all '' students . 
mr. watson says mrs. yeargin never complained to school officials that the standardized test was unfair . 
`` do i have much UNKNOWN for her ? '' mr. watson asks . 
`` not really . 
i believe in the system . 
i believe you have to use the system to change it . 
what she did was like taking the law into your own hands . '' 
mrs. ward says that when the cheating was discovered , she wanted to avoid the UNKNOWN public disclosure that a trial would bring . 
she says she offered mrs. yeargin a quiet resignation and thought she could help save her teaching certificate . 
mrs. yeargin declined . 
`` she said something like ` you just want to make it easy for the school . ' 
i was UNKNOWN , '' mrs. ward recalls . 
`` it was like someone had turned a UNKNOWN in me . '' 
to the UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN of her UNKNOWN and legal authorities -- and perhaps as a measure of the UNKNOWN of standardized tests -- UNKNOWN . yeargin won widespread local support . 
the UNKNOWN hearing at which she was dismissed was crowded with students , teachers and parents who came to testify on her behalf . 
supportive UNKNOWN UNKNOWN unfair testing , not mrs. yeargin , on a local radio talk show on which she appeared . 
the show did n't give the UNKNOWN of mrs. yeargin 's UNKNOWN , saying only that she helped students do better on the test . 
`` the message to the board of education out of all this is we 've got to take a serious look at how we 're doing our curriculum and our testing policies in this state , '' said the UNKNOWN host . 
UNKNOWN in the greenville newspaper allowed that mrs. yeargin was wrong , but also said the case showed how testing was being UNKNOWN . 
the radio show `` UNKNOWN us , '' says mrs. ward . 
partly because of the show , mr. watson says , the district decided not to recommend mrs. yeargin for a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN program that could have UNKNOWN the charges and the conviction from her record . 
and legal authorities UNKNOWN up an investigation worthy of a murder case . 
over 99 witnesses , mostly students , were interviewed . 
at greenville high school , meanwhile , some students -- especially on the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN -- were UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's hard to explain to a 99-year-old why someone they like had to go , '' says mrs. ward . 
soon , UNKNOWN appeared in the UNKNOWN that carried the school 's familiar UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on the front . 
on the back , the UNKNOWN read , `` we have all the answers . '' 
many colleagues are angry at mrs. yeargin . 
`` she did a lot of harm , '' says UNKNOWN rice , who had discovered the UNKNOWN notes . 
`` we work damn hard at what we do for damn little pay , and what she did cast unfair UNKNOWN on all of us . '' 
but several teachers also say the incident UNKNOWN doubt on the wisdom of evaluating teachers or schools by using standardized test scores . 
says UNKNOWN key , a UNKNOWN teacher , `` the incentive pay thing has opened up a can of UNKNOWN . 
there may be others doing what she did . '' 
mrs. yeargin says she pleaded guilty because she realized it would no longer be possible to win UNKNOWN , and because she was afraid of further charges . 
mrs. ward , for one , was relieved . 
despite the strong evidence against mrs. yeargin , popular sentiment was so strong in her favor , mrs. ward says , that `` i 'm afraid a jury would n't have convicted her . 
since UNKNOWN first touched slate , UNKNOWN have wanted to know : what 's on the test ? 
these days , students can often find the answer in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN their teachers give them in the weeks prior to taking standardized achievement tests . 
the UNKNOWN section of the widely used california achievement test asks fifth UNKNOWN : `` what is another name for the roman UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ? '' 
it also asks them to add UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN in a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN called learning materials , sold to schools across the country by macmillan / mcgraw-hill school publishing co. , contain the same questions . 
in many other UNKNOWN , there is almost no difference between the real test and learning materials . 
what 's more , the test and learning materials are both produced by the same company , macmillan / mcgraw-hill , a joint venture of mcgraw-hill inc. and macmillan 's parent , britain 's maxwell communication corp . 
close UNKNOWN between tests and practice tests are common , some educators and researchers say . 
UNKNOWN booklets , software and UNKNOWN are a booming publishing UNKNOWN . 
but some practice products are so similar to the tests themselves that critics say they represent a form of UNKNOWN cheating . 
`` if i took { these preparation booklets } into my classroom , i 'd have a hard time UNKNOWN to my students and parents that it was n't cheating , '' says john UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN city , mich. , teacher who has studied test UNKNOWN . 
he and other critics say such UNKNOWN aids can defeat the purpose of standardized tests , which is to gauge learning progress . 
`` it 's as if france decided to give only french history questions to students in a european history class , and when everybody UNKNOWN the test , they say their kids are good in european history , '' says john UNKNOWN , an UNKNOWN , n.m. , UNKNOWN and founder of an educational research organization , friends for education , which has studied standardized testing . 
standardized achievement tests are given about 99 million times a year across the country to students generally from UNKNOWN through UNKNOWN grade . 
the most widely used of these tests are macmillan / mcgraw 's cat and comprehensive test of basic skills ; the iowa test of basic skills , by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN co. ; and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN inc. 's metropolitan achievement test and stanford achievement test . 
sales figures of the UNKNOWN materials are n't known , but their reach into schools is significant . 
in arizona , california , florida , louisiana , maryland , new jersey , south carolina and texas , educators say they are common classroom tools . 
macmillan / mcgraw says `` well over 99 million '' of its scoring high UNKNOWN books have been sold since their introduction 99 years ago , with most sales in the last five years . 
about 99,999 sets of learning materials teachers ' UNKNOWN have also been sold in the past four years . 
the materials in each set reach about 99 students . 
scoring high and learning materials are the UNKNOWN preparation tests . 
michael kean , director of marketing for UNKNOWN macmillan / mcgraw , the macmillan / mcgraw division that publishes learning materials , says it is n't aimed at improving test scores . 
he also asserted that exact questions were n't UNKNOWN . 
when referred to the questions that matched , he said it was UNKNOWN . 
mr. UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN , and william UNKNOWN , a michigan state university education professor , concluded in a study last june that cat test versions of scoring high and learning materials should n't be used in the classroom because of their UNKNOWN to the actual test . 
they devised a 99-point scale -- UNKNOWN one point for each UNKNOWN measured on the cat test -- to rate the UNKNOWN of test UNKNOWN to the UNKNOWN cat . 
because many of these UNKNOWN -- the UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN figures , metric UNKNOWN of volume , or pie and bar UNKNOWN , for example -- are only a small part of the total UNKNOWN curriculum , mr. UNKNOWN says , the preparation UNKNOWN would n't UNKNOWN too many , if their real intent was general instruction or even general UNKNOWN with test procedures . 
but learning materials matched on 99.9 of 99 UNKNOWN . 
scoring high matched on 99.9 . 
in cat sections where students ' knowledge of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN sounds is tested , the authors noted that scoring high concentrated on the same sounds that the test does -- to the exclusion of other sounds that fifth UNKNOWN should know . 
learning materials for the UNKNOWN contains at least a dozen UNKNOWN of exact matches or close UNKNOWN to test items . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , senior editor of scoring high , says that messrs. UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN are ignoring `` the need students have for becoming familiar with tests and testing UNKNOWN . '' 
he said authors of scoring high `` UNKNOWN avoid '' UNKNOWN exact questions , but he does n't deny that some items are similar . 
when scoring high first came out in 9999 , it was a publication of random house . 
mcgraw-hill was UNKNOWN . 
in a 9999 advisory to educators , mcgraw-hill said scoring high should n't be used because it represented a `` parallel form '' of the cat and UNKNOWN tests . 
but in 9999 , mcgraw-hill purchased the random house unit that publishes scoring high , which later became part of macmillan / mcgraw . 
messrs. UNKNOWN and kean say they are UNKNOWN of any efforts by mcgraw-hill to UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN scoring high . 
UNKNOWN corp. said it completed the acquisition of sacramento savings & loan association from the UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN c. UNKNOWN foundation for $ 999 million . 
the UNKNOWN s&l , which has 99 branch offices in north central california , had assets of $ 9.9 billion at the end of september . 
new york-based UNKNOWN is an insurance and financial services concern . 
the purchase price includes two UNKNOWN companies . 
the department of health and human services plans to extend its UNKNOWN on federal funding of research involving fetal-tissue transplants . 
medical researchers believe the UNKNOWN of small amounts of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into humans could help treat UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and such UNKNOWN diseases as UNKNOWN 's , UNKNOWN 's and UNKNOWN 's . 
but anti-abortionists oppose such research because they worry that the development of UNKNOWN using fetal-tissue transplants could lead to an increase in abortions . 
james mason , assistant secretary for health , said the ban on federal funding of fetal-tissue UNKNOWN research `` should be continued UNKNOWN . '' 
he said the ban wo n't stop privately funded UNKNOWN research or federally funded fetal-tissue research that does n't involve transplants . 
department officials say that hhs secretary louis sullivan will support dr. mason 's ruling , which will be issued soon in the form of a letter to the acting director of the national institutes of health . 
both dr. mason and dr. sullivan oppose federal funding for abortion , as does president bush , except in cases where a woman 's life is threatened . 
the controversy began in 9999 when the national institutes of health , aware of the policy implications of its research , asked for an hhs review of its plan to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into the brain of a patient suffering from UNKNOWN 's disease . 
the department placed a UNKNOWN on the research , pending a review of scientific , legal and ethical issues . 
a majority of an UNKNOWN panel recommended late last year that the research continue under carefully controlled conditions , but the issue became UNKNOWN in politics as anti-abortion groups continued to oppose federal funding . 
the dispute has hampered the administration 's efforts to recruit prominent doctors to fill prestigious posts at the UNKNOWN of the nih and the centers for disease control . 
several candidates have withdrawn their names from consideration after administration officials asked them for their views on abortion and fetal-tissue transplants . 
antonio UNKNOWN , whom mr. bush UNKNOWN to serve as UNKNOWN general , reportedly has assured the administration that she opposes abortion . 
dr. UNKNOWN is deputy director of the national institute of child health and human development . 
some researchers have charged that the administration is imposing new ideological tests for top scientific posts . 
earlier this week , dr. sullivan tried to UNKNOWN these charges by stressing that candidates to head the nih and the UNKNOWN will be UNKNOWN by `` standards of scientific and administrative UNKNOWN , '' not politics . 
but the administration 's handling of the fetal-tissue UNKNOWN issue UNKNOWN many scientists . 
`` when scientific progress moves into UNKNOWN ground , there has to be a role for society to make judgments about its applications , '' says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , associate dean of the yale medical school . 
`` the disturbing thing about this abortion issue is that the debate has become UNKNOWN , so that no mechanism exists '' for finding a middle ground . 
yale is one of the few medical institutions conducting privately funded research on fetal-tissue transplants . 
but dr. UNKNOWN warns that dr. mason 's ruling may discourage private funding . 
`` the UNKNOWN of federal funds , and the climate in which the decision was made , certainly do n't provide any incentive for one of the more visible UNKNOWN to provide support , '' he said . 
despite the UNKNOWN over transplants , federal funding of research involving UNKNOWN UNKNOWN will continue on a number of fronts . 
`` such research may ultimately result in the ability to UNKNOWN damaged UNKNOWN or to turn off UNKNOWN that cause cancer '' or to regulate UNKNOWN that cause down 's syndrome , the leading cause of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , according to an nih summary . 
the nih currently spends about $ 9 million annually on fetal-tissue research out of a total research budget of $ 9 billion . 
UNKNOWN hope that two new england states will allow broader interstate banking boosted nasdaq 's bank stocks , but the over-the-counter market was up only slightly in lackluster trading . 
the nasdaq composite index added 9.99 to 999.99 on UNKNOWN volume of 999.9 million shares . 
in terms of volume , it was an UNKNOWN beginning for november . 
yesterday 's share turnover was well below the year 's daily average of 999.9 million . 
in october , the busiest month of the year so far , daily volume averaged roughly 999 million shares . 
the nasdaq 999 index of the biggest UNKNOWN stocks gained 9.99 to 999.99 . 
the index of the 999 largest nasdaq financial stocks rose modestly as well , gaining 9.99 to 999.99 . 
but the broader nasdaq bank index , which tracks thrift issues , jumped 9.99 to 999.99 . 
the bank stocks got a boost when connecticut bank & trust and bank of new england said they no longer oppose pending legislation that would permit banks from other regions to merge with connecticut and massachusetts banks . 
the two banks merged in 9999 . 
bank of new england 's shares are traded on the new york stock exchange . 
the stocks of banking concerns based in massachusetts were n't helped much by the announcement , traders said , because many of those concerns have financial problems tied to their real-estate loan portfolios , making them UNKNOWN takeover targets . 
but speculators , anticipating that connecticut will approve a law UNKNOWN such interstate banking soon , immediately bid up shares of connecticut banks on the news . 
`` a lot of the stocks that have been under water finally saw a reason to UNKNOWN , '' said george UNKNOWN , head trader of banking issues in shearson lehman hutton 's otc department . 
the biggest UNKNOWN was northeast bancorp , which surged 9 9\/9 to 99 . 
the stamford , conn. , concern has agreed to a buy-out by bank of new york in a transaction with an indicated value of about $ 999 a share that expires next august . 
ed UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN , conn. , money manager who follows bank stocks , said the announcement effectively gives the deal `` the green light . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN said northeast bancorp also fared well because takeover stocks have returned to favor among investors . 
another otc bank stock involved in a buy-out deal , first constitution financial , was higher . 
it rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
first constitution has signed a merger agreement with UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN corp. , under which all of its common shares will be acquired for $ 99 each , or $ 999.9 million . 
among other connecticut banks whose shares trade in the otc market , society for savings bancorp , based in hartford , saw its stock rise 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
UNKNOWN added 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 ; shares of UNKNOWN , a new london-based bank holding company , rose 9\/9 to 9 9\/9 . 
among other banking issues , UNKNOWN savings association UNKNOWN more than 99 % with a gain of 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the pennsylvania bank agreed to be acquired in a merger with UNKNOWN corp. of pennsylvania for $ 99.99 a share . 
valley federal savings & loan , a california thrift issue , gained 9 to 9 9\/9 after reporting a third-quarter loss of $ 99.9 million after an $ 99.9 million pretax charge mostly related to its mobile home financing unit . 
dan e. UNKNOWN , valley federal 's president and chief executive officer , said the one-time charge substantially UNKNOWN future losses associated with the unit . 
he said the company 's core business remains strong . 
he also said that after the charges , and `` assuming no dramatic UNKNOWN in interest rates , the company expects to achieve UNKNOWN earnings in 9999 . '' 
UNKNOWN 's surged 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 and UNKNOWN group 's american depositary receipts , or UNKNOWN , gained 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the two concerns said they entered into a definitive merger agreement under which UNKNOWN will begin a tender offer for all of UNKNOWN 's common shares for $ 99.99 each . 
also on the takeover front , jaguar 's UNKNOWN rose 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 on turnover of 9.9 million . 
since the british auto maker became a takeover target last month , its UNKNOWN have jumped about 99 % . 
after troubled heritage media proposed acquiring pop radio in a stock UNKNOWN , pop radio 's shares tumbled 9 to 99 9\/9 . 
heritage media , which already owns about 99 % of pop radio , proposed paying pop radio shareholders with shares of a new class of heritage media preferred stock that would be convertible into four shares of heritage media 's common . 
rally 's lost 9 9\/9 to 99 9\/9 . 
the restaurant operator said it has redeemed its rights issued monday under its shareholder rights plan . 
the fast-food company said its decision was based on discussions with a shareholder group , giant group ltd. , `` in an effort to resolve certain disputes with the company . '' 
giant group is led by three rally 's directors , UNKNOWN sugarman , james m. UNKNOWN iii and william e. UNKNOWN ii , who earlier this month indicated they had a 99.9 % stake in rally 's and planned to seek a majority of seats on rally 's UNKNOWN board . 
sci systems slipped 9\/9 to 99 on volume of 999,999 shares . 
the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , electronic products maker said it expects to post a `` significant '' loss for its fiscal first quarter ended sept. 99 . 
in the year-earlier period , sci had net income of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 999.9 million . 
the internal revenue service has threatened criminal sanctions against lawyers who fail to report detailed information about clients who pay them more than $ 99,999 in cash . 
the warnings , issued to at least 999 criminal defense attorneys in several major cities in the last week , have led to an UNKNOWN by members of the organized bar , who claim the information is protected by UNKNOWN privilege . 
the irs warnings stem from a 9999 law that requires anyone who receives more than $ 99,999 in cash from a client or customer in one or more related transactions `` in the course of trade or business '' to report the payment on a document known as form 9999 . 
the form asks for such details as the client 's name , social security number , UNKNOWN number and details about the services provided for the payment . 
failure to complete the form had been UNKNOWN as a UNKNOWN until last november , when congress determined that the crime was a felony UNKNOWN by up to 99 years in prison . 
attorneys have argued since 9999 , when the law took effect , that they can not provide information about clients who do n't wish their UNKNOWN to be known . 
many attorneys have returned incomplete forms to the irs in recent years , citing UNKNOWN privilege . 
until last week , the irs rarely acted on the incomplete forms . 
`` this form forces a lawyer to become , in effect , a witness against his client , '' said neal r. UNKNOWN , president of the national association of criminal defense lawyers . 
`` the irs is asking lawyers to UNKNOWN a criminal problem to the government , '' added mr. UNKNOWN , a miami lawyer who has heard from dozens of attorneys who received letters in recent days and has himself received the UNKNOWN irs forms sent by UNKNOWN mail . 
mr. UNKNOWN said that clients who pay cash may include alleged drug dealers who do n't have domestic bank accounts . 
these individuals may not necessarily be under investigation when they hire lawyers . 
mr. UNKNOWN said there also may be other circumstances under which individuals would n't want the government to know they had retained criminal defense lawyers . 
filling out detailed forms about these individuals would tip the irs off and spark action against the clients , he said . 
the defense lawyers ' group formed a task force this week , UNKNOWN by new york attorney gerald UNKNOWN , to deal with the matter . 
the american bar association 's house of UNKNOWN passed a resolution in 9999 UNKNOWN the irs reporting requirement . 
michael ross , a new york lawyer who heads the UNKNOWN 's grand jury committee , said that lawyers are UNKNOWN by the UNKNOWN 's code of ethics from UNKNOWN information about a client except where a court orders it or to prevent the client from UNKNOWN a criminal act that could result in death . 
mr. ross said he met with officials of the irs and the justice department , which would bring any enforcement actions against taxpayers , to discuss the issue last may . 
at that meeting , he said , the justice department assured him that enforcement procedures would n't be threatened against attorneys without further review and advance notice . 
mr. ross said irs officials opposed the justice department 's moderate stance on the matter . 
but in the letters sent in recent days , christopher j. UNKNOWN of the irs computing center in detroit , told attorneys that `` failing to voluntarily submit the requested information could result in UNKNOWN enforcement action being initiated . '' 
in some cases , the irs asked for information UNKNOWN back to forms it received in 9999 . 
a spokesman for the irs confirmed that `` there has been UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about incomplete 9999s , '' but he declined to say why the letters were sent to lawyers now . 
individuals familiar with the justice department 's policy said that justice officials had n't any knowledge of the irs 's actions in the last week . 
lawyers worry that if they provide information about clients , that data could quickly end up in the hands of prosecutors . 
prosecutors need court permission to obtain the tax returns of an individual or a business . 
but they have obtained 9999 forms without court permission and used the information to help develop criminal cases . 
some criminal lawyers speculated that the irs was sending the letters to test the issue . 
in a number of recent cases , federal courts have refused to recognize attorneys ' UNKNOWN that information relating to fees from clients should be confidential . 
the war over federal judicial salaries takes a victim . 
often , judges ease into more lucrative private practice with little UNKNOWN , but not federal judge UNKNOWN a. UNKNOWN in sacramento , calif . 
on tuesday , the judge called a news conference to say he was UNKNOWN effective dec. 99 to join a san francisco law firm . 
the reason : the UNKNOWN of congress to give federal judges a raise . 
`` a couple of my law UNKNOWN were going to pass me in three or four years , and i was afraid i was going to have to ask them for a loan , '' the judge UNKNOWN in an interview . 
federal judges make $ 99,999 annually ; in february , congress rejected a bill that would have increased their pay by 99 % . 
judge UNKNOWN , 99 , said it is UNKNOWN for judges to make what they do . 
`` judges are not getting what they deserve . 
you look around at professional UNKNOWN or accountants ... and nobody UNKNOWN an eye . 
when you become a federal judge , all of a sudden you are UNKNOWN to a UNKNOWN sum . '' 
at his new job , as partner in charge of federal litigation in the sacramento office of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN & UNKNOWN , he will make out much better . 
the judge declined to discuss his salary in detail , but said : `` i 'm going to be a high-priced lawyer . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN union troubles are no UNKNOWN matter . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN trudeau is suing the writers guild of america east for $ 99 million , UNKNOWN it mounted a `` campaign to UNKNOWN and punish '' him for crossing a UNKNOWN ' UNKNOWN line . 
the dispute involves UNKNOWN productions inc. , a tv production company in which mr. trudeau is a UNKNOWN . 
mr. trudeau , a writers guild member , also was employed as a writer for UNKNOWN , which was covered by a guild UNKNOWN agreement . 
the guild began a strike against the tv and movie industry in march 9999 . 
in his lawsuit , mr. trudeau says the strike illegally included UNKNOWN , and the UNKNOWN refused to honor the strike against the company . 
a spokesman for the guild said the union 's lawyers are reviewing the suit . 
he said disciplinary proceedings are confidential and declined to comment on whether any are being held against mr. trudeau . 
mr. trudeau 's attorney , norman k. UNKNOWN , said the UNKNOWN consists mainly of the guild 's UNKNOWN threats of disciplinary action . 
mr. UNKNOWN said a guild disciplinary hearing is scheduled next monday in new york . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who will go before the disciplinary panel , said the proceedings are unfair and that any UNKNOWN from the guild would be UNKNOWN . 
in addition to the damages , the suit seeks a court order preventing the guild from UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN against mr. trudeau . 
abortion ruling upheld : 
a federal appeals court upheld a lower court ruling that the u.s. can bar the use of federal funds for UNKNOWN programs that include UNKNOWN services . 
a department of health and human services rule adopted in 9999 UNKNOWN the use of so-called title UNKNOWN funds for programs that assist a woman in obtaining an abortion , such as abortion counseling and UNKNOWN . 
the rule also UNKNOWN funding for activities that `` encourage , promote or advocate abortion . '' 
title UNKNOWN funds are the single largest source of federal funding for UNKNOWN services , according to the opinion by the second u.s. circuit court of appeals in new york . 
the panel ruled that the restrictions do n't violate the freedom of speech of health care UNKNOWN and that the limits on counseling services do n't violate the rights of pregnant women . 
inquiry clears texas judge of bias in comments on homosexual murder victims . 
dallas district judge jack UNKNOWN had sparked calls for a judicial inquiry with his remarks to the press last december , two weeks after UNKNOWN an 99-year-old defendant to 99 years in state prison for killing two homosexual men in a city park . 
the judge was quoted as referring to the victims as `` UNKNOWN '' and saying they would n't have been killed `` if they had n't been UNKNOWN the streets picking up UNKNOWN boys . '' 
but robert r. murray , a special master appointed by the texas supreme court , said judge UNKNOWN did n't breach any judicial standards of fairness , although he did violate the state 's judicial code by commenting publicly on a pending case . 
UNKNOWN that the judge `` has never UNKNOWN any bias or UNKNOWN , '' mr. murray concluded that he `` would be UNKNOWN in any case involving a homosexual or UNKNOWN '' as a victim . 
mr. murray also said judge UNKNOWN 's comments did n't UNKNOWN the judiciary or the administration of justice . 
the report is subject to review by the state commission on judicial conduct , which is UNKNOWN to impose sanctions . 
gaf trial goes to round three . 
attorneys in the third UNKNOWN trial of gaf corp. began opening arguments yesterday in the manhattan UNKNOWN of u.s. district judge mary johnson lowe . 
in an UNKNOWN indictment , the government has charged gaf , a wayne , n.j. , specialty chemical maker , and its vice chairman james t. sherwin with attempting to manipulate the common stock of union carbide corp. in advance of gaf 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in november 9999 . 
the first two gaf trials ended in UNKNOWN earlier this year . 
this trial is expected to last five weeks . 
switching to the defense : 
a former member of the prosecution team in the iran / contra affair joined the chicago firm of UNKNOWN , brown & platt . 
michael r. UNKNOWN , a member since january 9999 of the UNKNOWN trial team in the prosecution of oliver north , became a partner in the washington , d.c. , office of the UNKNOWN firm . 
he will specialize in white-collar criminal defense work . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 , also has served as deputy chief and chief of the narcotics unit for the u.s. attorney 's office for the southern district of new york , based in manhattan . 
UNKNOWN tire & rubber co. said it has reached an agreement in principle to buy buildings and related property in albany , ga. , from UNKNOWN / UNKNOWN inc . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
the tire maker said the buildings consist of 9.9 million square feet of office , manufacturing and UNKNOWN space on 999 acres of land . 
fujitsu ltd. 's top executive took the unusual step of publicly UNKNOWN for his company 's making bids of just one yen for several local government projects , while computer rival nec corp. made a written UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN in the same practice . 
meanwhile , business and government leaders UNKNOWN the computer makers , and UNKNOWN about the broader statement the companies ' actions make about japanese UNKNOWN pricing . 
fujitsu said it bid the equivalent of less than a u.s. penny on three separate municipal contracts during the past two years . 
the company also disclosed that during that period it offered 99,999 yen , or about $ 99 , for another contract . 
but fujitsu , japan 's no. 9 computer maker , is n't alone . 
nec , one of its largest domestic competitors , said it bid one yen in two separate public auctions since 9999 . 
in both cases , nec lost the contract to fujitsu , which made the same bid and won a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
all the contracts were for UNKNOWN contracts and involved no hardware or software . 
the ministry of international trade and industry UNKNOWN executives from the companies to `` make sure they understood '' the concern about such practices , according to a government spokesman . 
`` these cases lead to the loss of the firms ' social and international credibility , '' a ministry statement said . 
japan 's fair trade commission has said it is considering investigating the bids for possible UNKNOWN violations . 
`` we would like to UNKNOWN for having caused huge trouble , '' fujitsu president UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , read from a prepared statement as he stood before a packed news conference at his company 's downtown headquarters . 
the bids , he added , were `` contrary to common sense . '' 
nec released a statement saying , `` we feel UNKNOWN for having caused trouble to society , '' a form of UNKNOWN common in japan for companies caught in embarrassing situations . 
japanese companies have long had a reputation for UNKNOWN short-term profits to make a sale that may have long-term benefits . 
but the growing controversy comes as many practices historically accepted as normal here -- such as politicians accepting substantial UNKNOWN from businessmen or having UNKNOWN affairs -- are coming under close ethical scrutiny . 
the fire is also fueled by growing international interest in japanese behavior . 
so far there have been no public overseas complaints about the issue . 
but in one of the auctions in question , international business machines corp. made a bid substantially higher than the fujitsu offer , according to the UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN bids touch on issues central to the increasingly UNKNOWN trade debate . 
foreigners complain that they have limited access to government procurement in japan , in part because japanese companies unfairly undercut them . 
the u.s. government in recent years has accused japanese companies of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN prices on semiconductors and UNKNOWN -- products fujitsu and nec make . 
asked whether the bidding UNKNOWN would hurt UNKNOWN relations , mr. UNKNOWN said , `` this will be a minus factor . '' 
the `` UNKNOWN '' controversy first came to a head last week when the city of UNKNOWN announced that fujitsu won a contract to design a computer system to UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN . 
the city had expected to pay about 99 million yen ( $ 99,999 ) , but fujitsu essentially offered to do it for free . 
then wednesday , fujitsu said it made a similar bid to win a library contract in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN two weeks earlier . 
it also said that in july , it bid 99,999 yen to design a system for the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN library , and two years ago , it bid one yen to plan the telecommunications system for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
the company said it has offered to withdraw its bids in UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN said they have n't decided whether to try to force the company to go through with the contracts . 
fujitsu and nec said they were still investigating , and that knowledge of more such bids could emerge . 
mr. UNKNOWN insisted that headquarters had n't approved the bids , and that he did n't know about most of the cases until wednesday . 
other major japanese computer companies UNKNOWN yesterday said they have never made such bids . 
`` one yen is not ethical , '' UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an official at UNKNOWN , the japan UNKNOWN of economic organizations , said . 
`` profit may be low , but at least costs should be covered . 
papers : 
UNKNOWN group inc. agreed to acquire atlantic publications inc. , which has 99 community papers and annual sales of $ 9 million . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN is a closely held media firm run by former cbs inc. president john UNKNOWN . 
tv : 
price communications corp. completed the sale of four of its tv stations to UNKNOWN inc. for $ 999 million in cash and notes , retaining a 99 % equity stake in the new concern . 
UNKNOWN was formed by UNKNOWN communications corp. and UNKNOWN capital . 
UNKNOWN stores inc. , which owns and operates a chain of specialty retail stores , said october sales rose 99.9 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million a year earlier . 
sales in stores open more than one year rose 9 % to $ 99.9 million from $ 99.9 million . 
UNKNOWN co. of japan said it will acquire two construction machinery plants and a sales unit in france formerly UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN industries inc. of the u.s. . 
the company said it made the purchase in order to locally produce UNKNOWN operated UNKNOWN . 
last october , the company also bought a UNKNOWN manufacturing plant in UNKNOWN , west germany , from UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN said the purchase of the french and german plants together will total about 99 billion yen ( $ 999 million ) . 
structural dynamics research corp. , which makes UNKNOWN engineering software , said it introduced new technology in UNKNOWN design UNKNOWN that will improve UNKNOWN engineering productivity . 
UNKNOWN 
money market UNKNOWN 9.99 % 
a - average rate paid yesterday by 999 large banks and thrifts in the 99 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by bank rate monitor . 
b - current annual yield . 
guaranteed minimum 9 % . 
lsi logic corp. reported a surprise $ 99.9 million third-quarter net loss , including a special restructuring charge that reflects a continuing UNKNOWN slowdown in semiconductor demand . 
in september , the UNKNOWN maker said excess capacity and lagging billings would result in an estimated $ 9 million to $ 9 million net loss for the third quarter . 
but company officials said yesterday that they decided to take a $ 99 million pretax charge for the period to cover a restructuring of world-wide manufacturing operations , citing extended weakness in the market as well as a decision to switch to more UNKNOWN production techniques . 
`` over the summer months , there has been a slowing in the rate of new orders from the computer sector , our primary market , '' said UNKNOWN j. UNKNOWN , chairman and chief executive officer . 
`` in addition , recent industry forecasts for 9999 indicate a slow environment , at least until UNKNOWN . '' 
as a result , the company said it decided to phase out its UNKNOWN capacity and `` make appropriate reductions '' in operating expenses . 
the $ 99.9 million net loss UNKNOWN 99 cents a share . 
not counting the extraordinary charge , the company said it would have had a net loss of $ 9.9 million , or seven cents a share . 
a year earlier , it had profit of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
revenue rose 99 % to $ 999.9 million from $ 99 million . 
the charge partly reflects a switch from older UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN silicon UNKNOWN with which to UNKNOWN chips . 
related to that decision , the company said it was converting its santa clara , calif. , factory to a research and development facility . 
a spokesman declined to speculate about possible reductions in force . 
`` this is a company that has invested in capacity UNKNOWN more aggressively than any other company in the industry and now the industry is growing more slowly and they are suddenly poorly UNKNOWN , '' said michael UNKNOWN , chip analyst at robertson , UNKNOWN & co . 
`` i think the stock is dead money for a while . '' 
yesterday 's announcement was made after markets closed . 
u.s. chip makers are facing continued slack demand following a traditionally slow summer . 
part of the problem is that chip buyers are keeping inventories low because of UNKNOWN about the course of the u.s. economy . 
UNKNOWN co . ( UNKNOWN lake , n.j . ) -- 
william g. UNKNOWN , former chairman and chief executive officer of general public utilities corp. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial and construction equipment , increasing board membership to 99 . 
the dollar posted gains against all major currencies yesterday , buoyed by persistent japanese demand for u.s. bond issues . 
while market sentiment remains UNKNOWN bearish on the dollar based on sluggish u.s. economic indicators , dealers note that japanese demand has helped UNKNOWN the dollar against the yen and has kept the u.s. currency from plunging below key levels against the mark . 
at the same time , dealers said the u.s. unit has been locked into a relatively narrow range in recent weeks , in part because the hefty japanese demand for dollars has been offset by the mark 's strength , resulting in a UNKNOWN . 
jay UNKNOWN , with capital UNKNOWN inc. , reasons that while the mark has posted significant gains against the yen as well -- the mark climbed to 99.99 yen from 99.99 yen late tuesday in new york -- the strength of the u.s. bond market compared to its foreign counterparts has helped lure investors to UNKNOWN bonds , rather than mark bonds . 
`` UNKNOWN { trade } is the driving force in the market , '' said tom UNKNOWN , a vice president with banque paribas in new york , `` but i 'm not convinced it will continue . 
who knows what will happen down the road , in three to six months , if foreign investment starts to UNKNOWN ? '' 
in late new york trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 9.9999 marks , up from 9.9999 marks late tuesday , and at 999.99 yen , up from 999.99 yen late tuesday . 
sterling was quoted at $ 9.9999 , down from $ 9.9999 late tuesday . 
in tokyo thursday , the u.s. currency opened for trading at 999.99 yen , up from wednesday 's tokyo close of 999.99 yen . 
douglas madison , a corporate trader with bank of america in los angeles , UNKNOWN the dollar 's recent solid performance against the yen to purchases of securities by japanese insurance companies and trust banks and the sense that another wave of investment is waiting in the UNKNOWN . 
he contends that the perception in japan of a UNKNOWN u.s. response to sony corp. 's announcement of its purchase of columbia pictures entertainment inc. has been temporarily UNKNOWN . 
he cites the recent deal between the mitsubishi estate co. and the rockefeller group , as well as the possible white knight role of an UNKNOWN japanese company in the georgia-pacific corp. takeover bid for great northern UNKNOWN corp. as evidence . 
the UNKNOWN maturity in november of a 99-year japanese government UNKNOWN bond issue valued at about $ 99 billion has prompted speculation in the market that investors UNKNOWN the bonds will diversify into UNKNOWN instruments , according to mr. madison . 
it remains unclear whether the bond issue will be rolled over . 
meanwhile , traders in tokyo say that the prospect of lower u.s. interest rates has spurred dollar buying by japanese institutions . 
they point out that these institutions want to lock in returns on high-yield u.s. treasury debt and suggest demand for the u.s. unit will continue UNKNOWN until rates in the u.s. UNKNOWN . 
the market again showed little interest in further evidence of a slowing u.s. economy , and traders note that the market in recent weeks has taken its UNKNOWN more from wall street than u.s. economic indicators . 
dealers said the dollar merely drifted lower following the release wednesday of the u.s. purchasing managers ' report . 
the managers ' index , which measures the health of the manufacturing sector , stood at 99.9 % in october , above september 's 99 % , and also above average forecasts for the index of 99.9 % . 
some dealers said the dollar was pressured slightly because a number of market participants had boosted their expectations in the past day and were looking for an index above 99 , which indicates an expanding manufacturing economy . 
but most said the index had no more than a minimal effect on trade . 
on the commodity exchange in new york , gold for current delivery settled at $ 999.99 an ounce , down 99 cents . 
estimated volume was a moderate 9.9 million ounces . 
in early trading in hong kong thursday , gold was quoted at $ 999.99 an ounce . 
`` the cosby show '' may have UNKNOWN turned around ratings at nbc since its debut in 9999 , and the UNKNOWN family still keeps millions of viewers UNKNOWN thursday night on the network . 
but some of the tv stations that bought `` cosby '' UNKNOWN for record prices two years ago are n't UNKNOWN much these days . 
the UNKNOWN have helped ratings at many of the 999 network affiliates and independent tv stations that air the shows . 
but the ratings are considerably below expectations , and some stations say they may not buy new episodes when their current contracts expire . 
meanwhile , stations are UNKNOWN because , many of them say , the show 's distributor , viacom inc. , is giving an UNKNOWN : either sign new long-term commitments to buy future episodes or risk losing `` cosby '' to a competitor . 
at the same time , viacom is trying to persuade stations to make commitments to `` a different world , '' a UNKNOWN of `` cosby '' whose UNKNOWN will become available in 9999 . 
viacom denies it 's using pressure UNKNOWN . 
`` we 're willing to negotiate , '' says dennis UNKNOWN , executive vice president of marketing . 
`` we 're offering this plan now because we feel it 's the right time . '' 
but , says the general manager of a network affiliate in the midwest , `` i think if i tell them i need more time , they 'll take ` cosby ' across the street , '' 
viacom 's move comes as the UNKNOWN market is being UNKNOWN with situation UNKNOWN that are still running on the networks . 
one station manager says he believes viacom 's move is a `` UNKNOWN strike '' because the company is worried that `` cosby '' ratings will continue to drop in UNKNOWN over the next few years . 
`` cosby '' is down a full ratings point in the week of oct. 9-9 over the same week a year ago , according to a.c. nielsen co . 
mr. UNKNOWN at viacom says the ratings are rising . 
and executives at stations in such major markets as washington ; providence , UNKNOWN ; cleveland ; UNKNOWN , n.c. ; minneapolis , and louisville , ky. , say they may very well not renew `` cosby . '' 
dick UNKNOWN , the general manager of UNKNOWN , the UNKNOWN station in miami , for example , says the show has `` been a major disappointment to us . '' 
`` at the prices we were charged , there should have been some return for the dollar . 
there was n't . '' 
neil UNKNOWN , the general manager of UNKNOWN , the cbs affiliate in louisville , says `` cosby '' gets the station 's highest ratings and he 's `` pleased . '' 
but he adds , `` i feel pressured , disappointed , uncomfortable and , UNKNOWN , quite angry with viacom . 
the life insurance co. of georgia has officially opened an office in taipei . 
david UNKNOWN , the company 's representative in taiwan , said UNKNOWN life of georgia will sell conventional life-insurance products . 
life of georgia is part of the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN group , based in the netherlands . 
in this era of UNKNOWN competition for ad dollars , a lot of UNKNOWN magazines are getting pretty UNKNOWN with advertisers -- UNKNOWN over them in articles and offering pages of UNKNOWN space . 
so can a magazine survive by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN its nose at major advertisers ? 
garbage magazine , billed as `` the practical journal for the environment , '' is about to find out . 
founded by brooklyn , n.y. , publishing entrepreneur UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , garbage made its debut this fall with the promise to give consumers the straight UNKNOWN on the u.s. waste crisis . 
the magazine combines UNKNOWN pieces on UNKNOWN like UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on such things as what happens after you UNKNOWN your toilet , and UNKNOWN pieces on alleged environmental UNKNOWN . 
garbage editors have dumped considerable energy into a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN through supermarket UNKNOWN in a bid to identify corporate america 's good guys and bad boys . 
in one feature , called `` in the UNKNOWN , '' editors point out a product they UNKNOWN to be a particularly bad UNKNOWN . 
from an advertising standpoint , the problem is these UNKNOWN are likely to be some of the same folks that are major magazine advertisers these days . 
with only two issues under its UNKNOWN , garbage has UNKNOWN some UNKNOWN advertisers and raised the UNKNOWN of others . 
campbell soup , for one , is UNKNOWN its UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN product was UNKNOWN in the premiere `` in the UNKNOWN '' column . 
the magazine 's editors ran a giant UNKNOWN of the product with UNKNOWN pointing to the packaging 's UNKNOWN foam , UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN film -- all plastic items they say are UNKNOWN . 
`` it 's precisely the kind of product that 's created the municipal landfill UNKNOWN , '' the editors wrote . 
`` i think that this magazine is not only called garbage , but it is practicing UNKNOWN garbage , '' UNKNOWN a spokesman for campbell soup . 
he says campbell was n't even UNKNOWN by the magazine for the opportunity to comment . 
modifications had been made to the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN product at the time the issue was printed , he says , making it less an UNKNOWN than was UNKNOWN . 
he admits , though , it is n't one of campbell soup 's better products in terms of UNKNOWN . 
campbell soup , not surprisingly , does n't have any plans to UNKNOWN in the magazine , according to its spokesman . 
some media experts question whether a young magazine can risk turning off madison avenue 's big UNKNOWN . 
`` you really need the campbell UNKNOWN of the world to be interested in your magazine if you 're going to make a run of it , '' says mike white , senior vice president and media director at ddb needham , chicago . 
`` the economics of magazine publishing pretty much require that you have a pretty solid base '' of UNKNOWN ad UNKNOWN , he adds . 
the first two issues featured ads from only a handful of big advertisers , including general electric and UNKNOWN coors , but the majority were from companies like waste management inc. and UNKNOWN international , firms that do n't spend much money advertising and ca n't be UNKNOWN on to support a magazine over the long haul . 
a waste management spokeswoman says its ad in the premiere issue was a one-time purchase , and it does n't have any plans to UNKNOWN in future issues . 
`` we do n't spend much on print advertising , '' she says . 
but ms. UNKNOWN , the magazine 's editor and publisher , contends garbage can survive , at least initially , on UNKNOWN revenues . 
individual copies of the magazine sell for $ 9.99 and yearly UNKNOWN cost $ 99 . 
( it is , of course , printed on UNKNOWN paper . ) 
according to ms. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN journal corp. , her publishing company , printed and sold all 999,999 copies of the premiere issue . 
the first and second issues sold out on UNKNOWN , she says , and the magazine has orders for 99,999 UNKNOWN . 
asked whether potential advertisers will be scared away by the magazine 's direct policy , ms. UNKNOWN replies : `` i do n't know and i do n't care . 
i 'm not saying advertising revenue is n't important , '' she says , `` but i could n't UNKNOWN at night '' if the magazine UNKNOWN to a company because they once took out an ad . 
ad notes ... . 
interpublic on tv : 
interpublic group said its television programming operations -- which it expanded earlier this year -- agreed to supply more than 9,999 hours of original programming across europe in 9999 . 
it said the programs , largely game shows , will be provided by its UNKNOWN television unit along with UNKNOWN international , a producer and distributor of game shows of which it recently bought 99 % . 
it said that volume makes it the largest supplier of original tv programming in europe . 
interpublic is providing the programming in return for advertising time , which it said will be valued at more than $ 99 million in 9999 and $ 999 million in 9999 . 
it plans to sell the ad time to its clients at a discount . 
new account : 
UNKNOWN financial corp. , philadelphia , named UNKNOWN UNKNOWN brown & UNKNOWN , philadelphia , as agency of record for its $ 9 million account . 
the business had been handled by UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , baltimore . 
at&t fax : 
american telephone & telegraph 's general business systems division , new york , awarded the ad account for its fax product line to ogilvy & mather , new york , a wpp group agency . 
billings were n't disclosed for the small account , which had been UNKNOWN at young & rubicam , new york . 
first campaign : 
enterprise UNKNOWN inc. breaks its first national ad campaign this week . 
the st. louis firm specializes in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , those provided by insurance companies for cars damaged in UNKNOWN . 
developed by UNKNOWN , free & UNKNOWN , new york , the $ 9 million campaign pitches enterprise 's UNKNOWN service and its free UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN service . 
UNKNOWN associates : 
young & rubicam said it completed its acquisition of UNKNOWN associates , a san francisco UNKNOWN firm . 
acquisition : 
UNKNOWN communications , pittsburgh , acquired UNKNOWN & co. , a los angeles UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN firm . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
sea containers ltd. said it might increase the price of its $ 99-a-share buy-back plan if pressed by temple holdings ltd. , which made an earlier tender offer for sea containers . 
sea containers , a UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN shipping concern , said tuesday that it would sell $ 9.9 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 99 % of its common shares for $ 99 apiece . 
the move is designed to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two european shipping concerns , UNKNOWN holding ag and UNKNOWN plc . 
in may , the two companies , through their jointly owned holding company , temple , offered $ 99 a share , or $ 999 million , for sea containers . 
in august , temple sweetened the offer to $ 99 a share , or $ 999 million . 
yesterday , sea containers ' chief executive officer , james UNKNOWN , said in an interview that , under the UNKNOWN plan , sea containers would end up with a cash surplus of approximately $ 999 million . 
about $ 999 million of that would be allocated to the buy-back , leaving about $ 999 million , he said . 
that $ 999 million , mr. UNKNOWN said , `` gives us some flexibility in case temple raises its bid . 
we are able to increase our price above the $ 99 level if necessary . 
'' he declined to say , however , how much sea containers might raise its price . 
mr. UNKNOWN speculated that the UNKNOWN that sea containers has means that temple would have to `` substantially increase their bid if they 're going to top us . '' 
temple , however , UNKNOWN criticized sea containers ' plan yesterday , UNKNOWN it as a `` highly UNKNOWN device designed to UNKNOWN management , UNKNOWN shareholders and prevent them from accepting our superior cash offer . '' 
a spokesman for temple estimated that sea containers ' plan -- if all the asset sales UNKNOWN -- would result in shareholders receiving only $ 99 to $ 99 a share in cash . 
the lower figures , the spokesman said , would stem from preferred shares being converted to common stock and the possibility that sea containers ' subsidiaries might be required to place their shares in the open market . 
temple added that sea containers is still UNKNOWN in legal problems in UNKNOWN , where the supreme court has temporarily barred sea containers from buying back its own stock in a case brought by UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN . 
{ the court has indicated it will rule on the case by the end of the month . } 
temple also said sea containers ' plan raises `` numerous legal , regulatory , financial and fairness issues , '' but did n't elaborate . 
mr. UNKNOWN said reaction to sea containers ' proposal has been `` very positive . '' 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , sea containers closed at $ 99.999 , up 99.9 cents . 
the transportation department , responding to pressure from safety advocates , took further steps to impose on light trucks and vans the safety requirements used for automobiles . 
the department proposed requiring stronger UNKNOWN for light trucks and minivans , beginning with 9999 models . 
it also issued a final rule requiring auto makers to UNKNOWN light trucks and minivans with UNKNOWN belts for UNKNOWN seats beginning in the 9999 model year . 
such belts already are required for the vehicles ' front seats . 
`` today 's action , '' transportation secretary samuel skinner said , `` represents another UNKNOWN in the ongoing program to promote vehicle UNKNOWN safety in light trucks and minivans through its extension of passenger car standards . '' 
in september , the department had said it will require trucks and minivans to be equipped with the same UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that have long been required on passenger cars . 
the big three auto makers said the rule changes were n't surprising because bush administration officials have long said they planned to impose car safety standards on light trucks and vans . 
safety advocates , including some members of congress , have been urging the department for years to extend UNKNOWN requirements to light trucks and vans , which now account for almost one-third of all vehicle sales in the u.s. . 
they say that many vehicles UNKNOWN as commercial light trucks actually carry more people than cargo and therefore should have the same safety features as cars . 
they did n't have much luck during the reagan administration . 
`` but now , there seems to be a fairly UNKNOWN effort to address the problem , '' said chuck UNKNOWN , vice president of communications for the insurance institute for highway safety . 
`` we 're in a very different regulatory environment . '' 
sen. john UNKNOWN ( r. , UNKNOWN . ) praised the department 's actions , noting that UNKNOWN UNKNOWN account for almost half of all UNKNOWN deaths . 
`` we could prevent many of these UNKNOWN with minimum UNKNOWN standards , '' he said . 
sen. UNKNOWN and others also want the department to require additional safety equipment in light trucks and minivans , including air bags or automatic seat belts in front seats and improved UNKNOWN protection . 
the department 's UNKNOWN proposal would apply to vehicles UNKNOWN 99,999 pounds or less . 
the UNKNOWN would be required to withstand a force of 9.9 times the UNKNOWN weight of the vehicle . 
during the test , the roof could n't be depressed more than five inches . 
in detroit , a chrysler corp. official said the company currently has no UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and shoulder belts in its light trucks , but plans to begin UNKNOWN them in by the end of the 9999 model year . 
he said chrysler fully expects to have them installed across its UNKNOWN line by the sept. 9 , 9999 , deadline . 
chrysler said its trucks and vans already meet the UNKNOWN resistance standard for cars . 
john UNKNOWN , executive engineer of ford motor co. 's UNKNOWN office , said ford trucks have met car standards for UNKNOWN resistance since 9999 . 
ford began installing the UNKNOWN belts in trucks with its UNKNOWN crew UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in the 9999 model year . 
the new UNKNOWN UNKNOWN vehicle , set for introduction next spring , will also have the UNKNOWN belts . 
mr. UNKNOWN said he expects ford to meet the deadline easily . 
consolidated rail corp. said it would spend more than $ 99 million on 9,999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for UNKNOWN autos . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , scheduled for delivery in 9999 , will be made by UNKNOWN manufacturing co. , a chicago heights , ill. , division of closely held UNKNOWN industries inc. , UNKNOWN , ill . 
this year , the railroad holding company acquired 999 such UNKNOWN . 
sir peter UNKNOWN , 99-year-old chairman of british petroleum co. until next march , UNKNOWN the board of this cement products company on dec. 9 . 
sir peter will succeed sir john UNKNOWN , 99 , who UNKNOWN as blue circle nonexecutive chairman on june 9 . 
bank of new england corp. said it has held talks with potential merger partners outside new england , although it added that nothing is imminent and it has n't received any formal offers . 
the discussions were disclosed as the bank holding company said that it has dropped its longstanding opposition to full interstate banking bills in connecticut and in massachusetts . 
later yesterday , a massachusetts senate committee approved a bill to allow national interstate banking by banks in the state beginning in 9999 . 
currently , both massachusetts and connecticut , where most of bank of new england 's operations are , allow interstate banking only within new england . 
richard driscoll , vice chairman of bank of new england , told the dow jones professional investor report , `` certainly , there are those outside the region who think of us UNKNOWN as a good partner . 
we have , and i 'm sure others have , considered what our options are , and we 've had conversations with people who in the future might prove to be interesting partners . '' 
he added , `` there 's nothing very hot . '' 
mr. driscoll did n't elaborate about who the potential partners were or when the talks were held . 
a bank spokeswoman also declined to comment on any UNKNOWN matters , but said the company decided to drop its opposition to the interstate banking legislation because `` UNKNOWN sentiment is in favor of passage . '' 
bank of new england has been hit hard by the region 's real-estate slump , with its net income declining 99 % to $ 999.9 million , or 99 cents a share , in the first nine months of 9999 from the year-earlier period . 
the company recently said it would sell some operations and lay off 9 % of its work force , altogether reducing employment to less than 99,999 from about 99,999 . 
it recently signed a preliminary agreement to negotiate UNKNOWN with the bank of tokyo ltd. for the sale of part of its leasing business to the japanese bank . 
UNKNOWN products inc. cut its quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 99.9 cents a share . 
the reduced dividend is payable jan. 9 to stock of record dec. 99 . 
the UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products said it cut the dividend due to its third-quarter loss of $ 999,999 , or 99 cents a share . 
in the year-ago quarter , the company reported net income of $ 9.9 million , or 99 cents a share . 
the company also adopted an UNKNOWN plan . 
michael UNKNOWN , 99-year-old group chief executive of this u.k. metals and industrial materials maker , will become chairman in may , succeeding UNKNOWN butler , 99 , who is retiring . 
mr. butler will remain on the board as a nonexecutive director . 
rally 's inc. said it has redeemed its rights outstanding issued monday in its shareholder rights plan . 
the company said holders of stock of record nov. 99 will receive 9 / 99th of one cent a share as the redemption payment . 
the fast-food company said its decision was based upon discussions with a shareholder group , giant group ltd. , `` in an effort to resolve certain disputes with the company . '' 
giant group is led by three rally 's directors , UNKNOWN sugarman , james m. UNKNOWN iii and william e. UNKNOWN ii , who last month indicated they hold a 99.9 % stake in rally 's and plan to seek a majority of seats on rally 's UNKNOWN board . 
when warren UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN 's leap wine UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN valley , announced a $ 99 price tag for his 9999 UNKNOWN 99 cabernet this fall , few wine shops and restaurants around the country balked . 
`` this is the peak of my UNKNOWN experience , '' mr. UNKNOWN declared when he introduced the wine at a dinner in new york , `` and i wanted to single it out as such . '' 
it is in my UNKNOWN the best wine UNKNOWN 's leap has produced , and with fewer than 999 cases available , it is sure to sell quickly . 
the price is a new high for california cabernet UNKNOWN , but it is not the highest . 
diamond creek 9999 lake UNKNOWN cabernet weighed in this fall with a UNKNOWN price of $ 999 a bottle . 
one of the UNKNOWN growing segments of the wine market is the category of UNKNOWN -- wines limited in production , of UNKNOWN quality ( or so perceived , at any rate ) , and with UNKNOWN high prices . 
for years , this group included a stable of UNKNOWN -- UNKNOWN first UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN ) , grand UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN and la UNKNOWN ) UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ) , UNKNOWN sweet wines ( UNKNOWN UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from germany , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN from UNKNOWN ) . 
these first magnitude wines ranged in price from $ 99 to $ 999 a bottle . 
in the last year or so , however , this exclusive club has taken in a host of UNKNOWN new members . 
the UNKNOWN have UNKNOWN in price to meet the competition , and it almost seems that there 's a race on to come up with the UNKNOWN single bottle , among current releases from every major wine region on the globe . 
france can UNKNOWN the lion 's share of high-priced UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN 's first UNKNOWN from 9999 and 9999 are $ 99 to $ 99 each ( except for the UNKNOWN in terms of production , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which costs around $ 999 ! ) . 
these prices seem rather modest , however , in light of other french wines from current UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , the leading UNKNOWN , now goes for well over $ 999 a bottle for a UNKNOWN vintage like 9999 ; the UNKNOWN rich 9999 runs $ 999 . 
in champagne , some of the prestige UNKNOWN are UNKNOWN toward $ 999 a bottle . 
the first champagne to crack that price barrier was the 9999 salon de UNKNOWN UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN . 
the '99 salon is $ 999 . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at $ 99 a bottle sells out around the country and UNKNOWN 's UNKNOWN de champagne UNKNOWN de UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN upon that level . 
the great UNKNOWN of the UNKNOWN valley have soared in price as well . 
e. UNKNOWN 's 9999 UNKNOWN UNKNOWN la UNKNOWN , for example , is $ 999 . 
none of france 's wine regions can steal a march on UNKNOWN , however . 
the six wines of the UNKNOWN de la UNKNOWN , 99 of the most precious acres of UNKNOWN anywhere in the world , have UNKNOWN UNKNOWN price UNKNOWN for several years now . 
with the 9999 vintage , they soared higher : la UNKNOWN , $ 999 ; UNKNOWN , $ 999 ; UNKNOWN , $ 999 . 
another small UNKNOWN estate , UNKNOWN , has just offered its 9999 UNKNOWN for $ 999 . 
from italy there is UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at $ 999 a bottle , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 's la UNKNOWN , a $ 99 cabernet from UNKNOWN , and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN at $ 99 . 
spain 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 9999 ( released only in its 99th year ) is $ 99 , as is australia 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 9999 . 
`` there are certain UNKNOWN wines that can UNKNOWN these higher prices , '' says larry shapiro of UNKNOWN 's , one of the largest wine shops in dallas . 
`` what 's different is that it is happening with young wines just coming out . 
we 're seeing it partly because older UNKNOWN are growing more scarce . '' 
wine auctions have almost UNKNOWN the limited supply of those wines , mr. shapiro continued : `` we 've seen a dramatic decrease in demand for wines from the '99s and '99s , which go for $ 999 to $ 999 a bottle . 
some of the newer wines , even at $ 99 to $ 999 a bottle or so , almost offer a bargain . '' 
take lake UNKNOWN cabernet from diamond creek . 
it 's made only in years when the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN perfectly ( the last was 9999 ) and comes from a single UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN a mere 99 cases in 9999 . 
owner UNKNOWN UNKNOWN originally planned to sell it for $ 99 a bottle , but when a retailer in southern california asked , `` is that wholesale or retail ? '' he UNKNOWN the matter . 
offering the wine at roughly $ 99 a bottle wholesale ( $ 999 retail ) , he sent merchants around the country a form asking them to check one of three answers : 9 ) no , the wine is too high ( 9 responses ) ; 9 ) yes , it 's high but i 'll take it ( 9 responses ) ; 9 ) i 'll take all i can get ( 99 responses ) . 
the wine was shipped in UNKNOWN cases instead of the usual 99 , but even at that it was spread thin , going to 99 retailers in 99 states . 
`` we thought it was UNKNOWN expensive , '' said sterling UNKNOWN , wine director at UNKNOWN 's in UNKNOWN , ill. , one of the top stores in suburban chicago , `` but there are people out there with very different opinions of value . 
we got our two UNKNOWN -- and they 're gone . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that he thinks UNKNOWN prices have come about because producers do n't like to see a hit wine dramatically increase in price later on . 
even if there is consumer resistance at first , a wine that UNKNOWN high ratings from the critics will eventually move . 
`` there may be UNKNOWN reaction initially , '' said mr. UNKNOWN , `` but as the wine is talked about and starts to sell , they eventually get UNKNOWN and decide it 's worth the UNKNOWN price to add it to their collection . '' 
`` it 's just sort of a UNKNOWN thing with some people , '' added larry shapiro . 
`` they like to talk about having the new red rock UNKNOWN { one of diamond creek 's UNKNOWN } or the UNKNOWN 9999 cabernet , or the UNKNOWN . 
producers have seen this market opening up and they 're now creating wines that appeal to these people . '' 
that explains why the number of these wines is expanding so rapidly . 
but consumers who buy at this level are also more UNKNOWN than they were a few years ago . 
`` they wo n't buy if the quality is not there , '' said UNKNOWN martin of martin wine UNKNOWN in new orleans . 
`` or if they feel the wine is UNKNOWN and they can get something equally good for less . '' 
mr. martin has increased prices on some wines ( like UNKNOWN hills UNKNOWN , now $ 99 ) just to slow down movement , but he is beginning to see some resistance to high-priced red UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN in the $ 99 to $ 99 range . 
image has , of course , a great deal to do with what sells and what does n't , and it ca n't be forced . 
wine merchants ca n't keep UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in stock , but they have to push salon UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , even lowering the price from $ 999 to $ 99 . 
it 's hardly a question of quality -- the 9999 salon is a beautiful wine , but , as mr. UNKNOWN noted , people have their own ideas about value . 
it 's interesting to find that a lot of the expensive wines are n't always walking out the door . 
in every major market in the u.s. , for instance , you can buy '99 la UNKNOWN or UNKNOWN , virtually all of the first growth UNKNOWN ( except UNKNOWN ) , as well as UNKNOWN one and UNKNOWN from california and , at the moment , the UNKNOWN 's leap 9999 UNKNOWN 99 . 
with the biggest UNKNOWN period of the year UNKNOWN as the holidays approach , it will be interesting to see how the UNKNOWN fare . 
by january it should be fairly clear what 's hot -- and what 's not . 
ms. UNKNOWN is a free-lance wine writer in new york . 
signs of a slowing economy are increasing pressure on the federal reserve to cut short-term interest rates , but it is n't clear whether the central bank will do so . 
a survey by the fed 's 99 district banks shows economic growth has been sluggish in recent weeks , while upward pressures on prices have UNKNOWN . 
`` the economy is clearly slowing , '' says robert black , president of the richmond federal reserve bank . 
`` if you look at the third quarter as posting roughly 9.9 % growth , i do see some slowing in the fourth quarter , '' agrees kansas city fed president roger UNKNOWN . 
nevertheless , both mr. UNKNOWN and mr. black say the slowdown so far is no cause for concern . 
`` we 're coming closer to UNKNOWN the stated objective of slowing the economy to a point where hopefully some downward trend in prices will occur , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
bush administration officials are looking to the fed to bring down rates , and financial markets seem to be expecting easier credit as well . 
`` i think the market had been expecting the fed to ease sooner and a little more than it has to date , '' said robert johnson , vice president of global markets for bankers trust co . 
the fed cut the key federal funds interest rate by about 9.99 percentage point to 9.99 % after the oct. 99 stock market plunge , but has shown no sign of movement since . 
the report from the fed found that manufacturing , in particular , has been weak in recent weeks . 
the philadelphia fed , for instance , reported that manufacturing activity `` continues to decline '' for the fourth month in a row . 
and in the chicago district , the report said , `` a manufacturer of capital goods noted slower orders for some types , including defense equipment , petroleum equipment , food packaging machinery and material handling equipment . '' 
retail sales also were reported slow in most districts , particularly `` for discretionary , UNKNOWN items such as furniture , home appliances and consumer electronics . '' 
and construction also was described as slow in most areas . 
despite the economic slowdown , there are few clear signs that growth is coming to a halt . 
as a result , fed officials may be divided over whether to ease credit . 
several fed governors in washington have been pushing for easier credit ; but many of the regional fed presidents have been UNKNOWN such a move . 
mr. black said he is `` pleased '' with the economy 's recent performance , and does n't see `` a lot of UNKNOWN out there that would tilt us into recession . '' 
`` there is always a chance of recession , '' added mr. UNKNOWN , `` but if you ask me to put a percentage on it , i would think it 's well below a 99 % chance . 
UNKNOWN hotel & restaurant co. said its planned rights offering to raise about $ 9 million was declared effective and the company will begin UNKNOWN materials to shareholders at the end of this week . 
under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 999 common shares owned . 
each right UNKNOWN the shareholder to buy $ 999 face amount of 99.9 % bonds due 9999 and warrants to buy 99.9 common shares at 99 cents a share . 
the rights , which expire nov. 99 , can be exercised for $ 999 each . 
UNKNOWN , which owns and operates hotels , said that hallwood group inc. has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders . 
hallwood , a cleveland merchant bank , owns about 99 % of UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN corp. , a specialty steelmaker , said 999 workers at a plant in UNKNOWN , ohio , began a strike after the united steelworkers local 9999 rejected a new contract on tuesday . 
the previous contract between UNKNOWN 's ohio steel tube division and the union expired at midnight tuesday . 
the union vote to reject the proposed pact was 999-999 . 
UNKNOWN said it does n't expect a UNKNOWN strike . 
it said it has taken measures to continue shipments during the work UNKNOWN . 
the treasury said it plans to sell $ 99 billion in notes and bonds next week , but said the auctions will be postponed unless congress acts quickly to lift the federal debt ceiling . 
michael UNKNOWN , deputy assistant secretary for federal finance , said the treasury may wait until late monday or even early tuesday to announce whether the UNKNOWN are to be UNKNOWN . 
unless it can raise money in financial markets , mr. UNKNOWN said , the federal government wo n't have the cash to pay off $ 99.9 billion in treasury bills that mature on thursday . 
without congressional action , the treasury ca n't sell any new securities -- even savings bonds . 
but despite UNKNOWN UNKNOWN over the debt ceiling , which has become UNKNOWN in the fight over cutting capital-gains taxes , congress is almost certain to act in time to avoid default . 
`` each day that congress fails to act ... will cause additional disruption in our borrowing schedule , possibly resulting in higher interest costs to the taxpayer , '' treasury secretary nicholas brady said in a speech prepared for delivery last night to a group of bankers . 
`` to avoid these costs , and a possible default , immediate action is UNKNOWN . '' 
the securities to be sold next week will raise about $ 99 billion in cash and redeem $ 99 billion in maturing notes . 
the new securities , part of the federal government 's regular quarterly refunding , will consist of : 
-- $ 99 billion of three-year notes , to be auctioned tuesday and to mature nov. 99 , 9999 . 
-- $ 99 billion of 99-year notes , to be auctioned wednesday and to mature nov. 99 , 9999 . 
-- $ 99 billion of 99-year bonds , to be auctioned thursday and to mature aug. 99 , 9999 . 
the treasury also said it plans to sell $ 99 billion in 99-day cash management bills on thursday . 
they will mature dec. 99 . 
none of the securities will be eligible for when-issued trading until congress UNKNOWN an increase in the debt ceiling , clearing the way for a formal offering , mr. UNKNOWN said . 
the treasury said it needs to raise $ 99.9 billion in the current quarter in order to end december with a $ 99 billion cash balance . 
auctions held in october and those scheduled for next week will raise a total of $ 99.9 billion . 
the remaining $ 99.9 billion could be raised through the sale of short-term treasury bills , two-year notes in november and five-year notes in early december , the treasury said . 
in the first three months of 9999 , the treasury estimates that it will have to raise between $ 99 billion and $ 99 billion , assuming that it decides to aim for a $ 99 billion cash balance at the end of march . 
UNKNOWN colony corp. said it acquired UNKNOWN foods inc. in a cash transaction . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
UNKNOWN , a maker and marketer of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN based in UNKNOWN , iowa , has annual sales of about $ 99 million , UNKNOWN said . 
investors took advantage of tuesday 's stock rally to book some profits yesterday , leaving stocks up UNKNOWN . 
bond prices and the dollar both gained modestly . 
the dow jones industrial average finished less than a point higher to close at 9999.99 in moderate trading . 
but advancing issues on the new york stock exchange were UNKNOWN ahead of declining stocks , 999 to 999 . 
long-term bond prices rose despite prospects of a huge new supply of treasury debt this month . 
continuing demand for dollars from japanese investors boosted the u.s. currency . 
analysts were disappointed that the UNKNOWN investors showed for stocks in the wake of georgia-pacific 's $ 9.99 billion bid for great northern UNKNOWN UNKNOWN so quickly . 
the industrial average jumped more than 99 points tuesday as speculators rushed to buy shares of potential takeover targets . 
but with the end of the year in UNKNOWN , money managers are eager to take profits and cut their risks of losing what for many have been exceptionally good returns in 
economic news had little effect on financial markets . 
as expected , a national purchasing managers ' report indicated the nation 's manufacturing sector continues to contract modestly . 
the federal reserve 's UNKNOWN book , a summary of economic conditions across the country , indicated that the overall economy remains in a pattern of sluggish growth . 
in major market activity : 
stock prices rose UNKNOWN in moderate trading . 
big board volume totaled 999.9 million shares . 
bond prices were up . 
the treasury 's benchmark 99-year bond gained about a quarter of a point , or $ 9.99 for each $ 9,999 of face amount . 
the yield fell to 9.99 % . 
the dollar rose . 
in late afternoon new york trading the currency was at 9.9999 marks and 999.99 yen compared with 9.9999 marks and 999.99 yen . 
mitsui mining & UNKNOWN co. posted a 99 % rise in pretax profit to 9.999 billion yen ( $ 99.9 million ) in its fiscal first half ended sept. 99 compared with 9.999 billion yen a year earlier . 
net income more than tripled to 9.999 billion yen from 9.999 billion yen a year earlier . 
eaton corp. said it sold its pacific sierra research corp. unit to a company formed by employees of that unit . 
terms were n't disclosed . 
pacific sierra , based in los angeles , has about 999 employees and supplies professional services and advanced products to industry . 
eaton is an automotive parts , controls and aerospace electronics concern . 
investor harold simmons and nl industries inc. offered to acquire georgia gulf corp. for $ 99 a share , or about $ 9.9 billion , stepping up the pressure on the commodity chemicals concern . 
the offer follows an earlier proposal by nl and mr. simmons to help georgia gulf restructure or go private in a transaction that would pay shareholders $ 99 a share . 
georgia gulf UNKNOWN that offer in september and said it would study other alternatives . 
however , it has n't yet made any proposals to shareholders . 
late yesterday , georgia gulf said it UNKNOWN the nl proposal as well as interests from `` third parties '' regarding business UNKNOWN . 
georgia gulf said it has n't eliminated any alternatives and that `` discussions are being held with interested parties , and work is also continuing on other various transactions . '' 
it did n't elaborate . 
analysts saw the latest offer as proof that mr. simmons , an aggressive and persistent investor , wo n't leave georgia gulf alone until some kind of transaction is completed . 
`` he has UNKNOWN on their UNKNOWN like a pit bull , '' says paul UNKNOWN , a vice president with morgan stanley & co . 
`` he appears to be in it for the long haul . '' 
mr. simmons and nl already own a 9.9 % stake in georgia gulf . 
mr. simmons owns 99 % of valhi inc. , which in turn owns two-thirds of nl . 
nl is officially making the offer . 
mr. UNKNOWN was n't surprised by the lower price cited by nl , saying he believes that $ 99 a share is `` the most you can pay for georgia gulf before it becomes a bad acquisition . '' 
georgia gulf stock rose $ 9.99 a share yesterday to close at $ 99.99 a share , while nl shares closed unchanged at $ 99.99 and valhi rose 99.9 cents to $ 99 , all in new york stock exchange composite trading . 
j. UNKNOWN martin , nl president and chief executive officer , said nl and mr. simmons cut the price they were proposing for georgia gulf because they initially planned a transaction that included about $ 999 million in equity and a substantial amount of high-yield subordinated debt . 
however , the junk-bond market has collapsed in recent weeks , UNKNOWN the likelihood that such a transaction would succeed . 
now , he said , the group plans to put in `` several hundred million '' dollars in equity and finance the remainder with bank debt . 
he also said that the group reduced its offer because it was n't allowed to see georgia gulf 's confidential financial information without agreeing that it would n't make an offer unless it had georgia gulf 's consent . 
in a letter to georgia gulf president jerry r. UNKNOWN , mr. martin asked georgia gulf to answer its offer by tuesday . 
it was n't clear how nl and mr. simmons would respond if georgia gulf UNKNOWN them again . 
mr. martin said they have n't yet decided what their next move would be , but he did n't rule out the possibility of a consent solicitation aimed at replacing georgia gulf 's board . 
in other transactions , mr. simmons has followed friendly offers with a hostile tender offer . 
although georgia gulf has n't been eager to negotiate with mr. simmons and nl , a specialty chemicals concern , the group apparently believes the company 's management is interested in some kind of transaction . 
the management group owns about 99 % of the stock , most purchased at nominal prices , and would stand to gain millions of dollars if the company were sold . 
in the third quarter , georgia gulf earned $ 99.9 million , or $ 9.99 a share , down from $ 99 million , or $ 9.99 a share on fewer shares outstanding . 
sales fell to $ 999.9 million from $ 999.9 million . 
a licensing company representing the university of pennsylvania added johnson & johnson to its lawsuit challenging a university faculty member over rights to retin-a UNKNOWN medicine . 
university patents inc. , based in UNKNOWN , conn. , said it seeks johnson & johnson 's profits from sales of retin-a , estimated at $ 99 million , a similar amount of UNKNOWN damages and the right to license retin-a elsewhere . 
in may , university patents filed a suit in federal court in philadelphia against albert m. UNKNOWN , a researcher and professor at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine who developed retin-a in the 9999s to combat UNKNOWN . 
dr. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the medicine while employed by the university , but later licensed the retin-a to a division of johnson & johnson . 
in new UNKNOWN , n.j. , a johnson & johnson spokesman declined comment . 
criticism in the u.s. over recent japanese acquisitions is UNKNOWN ever larger in the two countries ' relations . 
officials from both nations say the u.s. public 's UNKNOWN about japanese investment could color a second round of UNKNOWN economic talks scheduled for next week in washington . 
not that washington and tokyo disagree on the japanese acquisitions ; indeed , each has come out in favor of UNKNOWN investment in the u.s. . 
where they disagree is on the subject of u.s. direct investment in japan . 
the u.s. wants the removal of what it UNKNOWN as barriers to investment ; japan denies there are real barriers . 
the UNKNOWN talk UNKNOWN up by recent japanese investments in the u.s. is focusing attention on the differences in investment climate , even though it 's only one of many subjects to be covered in the UNKNOWN talks , known as the structural UNKNOWN initiative . 
the japanese `` should see this rhetoric as a signal of the need for a change in their own economy , '' says charles UNKNOWN , u.s. assistant treasury secretary , who has been in tokyo this week UNKNOWN discussing the impending negotiations with government and business leaders . 
`` we have a long history of maintaining an open UNKNOWN policy , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` u.s. investors should have a greater opportunity at direct investment '' in japan . 
the japanese UNKNOWN openly about the u.s. public 's UNKNOWN . 
one clear sign of japan 's nervousness came this week , when a spokesman for japan 's foreign ministry devoted nearly all of a regular , half-hour briefing for foreign journalists to the subject of recent japanese investments in the u.s. . 
`` we believe that it is UNKNOWN important for those japanese business interests { in the u.s. . } to be more aware of the UNKNOWN and concerns of the american people , '' said the spokesman , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
at the same time , though , he UNKNOWN the media for paying such close attention to japanese investment when other foreign countries , notably britain , are acquiring more american assets . 
fears that japanese investors are buying up america have UNKNOWN sharply in the past several weeks , with sony corp. 's purchase of columbia pictures entertainment inc. from coca-cola co. and mitsubishi estate co. 's acquisition of a 99 % holding in rockefeller group , the owner of some of UNKNOWN manhattan 's most exclusive real estate . 
even before those moves added fuel , the fires of UNKNOWN had been well UNKNOWN by the highly UNKNOWN experience in japan of one u.s. investor , t. UNKNOWN pickens jr . 
the texas UNKNOWN has acquired a 99.9 % stake valued at more than $ 9.9 billion in an UNKNOWN company , UNKNOWN manufacturing co . 
but he has failed to gain any influence at the company . 
UNKNOWN has refused to grant mr. pickens seats on its board , UNKNOWN he is a UNKNOWN trying to pressure UNKNOWN 's other shareholders into buying him out at a profit . 
mr. pickens made considerable political UNKNOWN with his troubles in japan . 
the senate finance committee , UNKNOWN by a fellow UNKNOWN , democratic sen. lloyd UNKNOWN , last month urged u.s. trade representative UNKNOWN hills to use mr. pickens 's experience in talks with tokyo `` to highlight this problem facing americans who seek access to the japanese capital markets . '' 
while mr. UNKNOWN and japanese officials say the question of investors ' access to the u.s. and japanese markets may get a disproportionate share of the public 's attention , a number of other important economic issues will be on the table at next week 's talks . 
among them are differences in savings and investment rates , corporate structures and management , and government spending . 
each side has a UNKNOWN of recommendations for the other . 
the u.s. says it is anxious for results . 
`` we feel very strongly that we really need action across the full range of issues we 've identified , and we need it by next spring , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
both sides have agreed that the talks will be most successful if negotiators start by focusing on the areas that can be most easily changed . 
but they have n't UNKNOWN what those might be . 
after the first set of meetings two months ago , some u.s. officials complained that japan had n't come up with specific changes it was prepared to make . 
the japanese UNKNOWN that the first round was too early to make concessions . 
`` just to say the distribution system is wrong does n't mean anything , '' says a ministry of international trade and industry official . 
`` we need to UNKNOWN what exactly is wrong with it . '' 
that process of UNKNOWN out specifics is likely to take time , the japanese say , no matter how badly the u.s. wants quick results . 
for instance , at the first meeting the two sides could n't even agree on basic data used in price discussions . 
since then , a team of about 99 UNKNOWN and u.s. commerce department officials have UNKNOWN the globe UNKNOWN consumer prices . 
by monday , they hope to have a UNKNOWN of documents both sides can trust . 
`` little by little , there is progress , '' says the UNKNOWN official . 
`` both sides are taking action . '' 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN contributed to this article . 
while worry grows about big japanese investments in the u.s. , japan 's big trading companies are rapidly increasing their stake in america 's smaller business . 
for japan , the controversial trend improves access to american markets and technology . 
but for small american companies , it also provides a growing source of capital and even marketing help . 
take the deal with candela laser corp. , a UNKNOWN , mass. , manufacturer of high-tech medical devices , which three years ago set its UNKNOWN on japan as an export market . 
partly to help clear the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN facing any overseas company trying to UNKNOWN japan , tiny candela turned to mitsui & co. , one of japan 's largest trading companies , for investment . 
in a joint-venture deal , mitsui UNKNOWN candela through tokyo 's bureaucratic UNKNOWN . 
it eventually secured ministry of health import approval for two candela laser products -- one that breaks up kidney stones and another that UNKNOWN skin UNKNOWN . 
at last count , candela had sold $ 9 million of its medical devices in japan . 
the deal also gave mitsui access to a high-tech medical product . 
`` they view this as a growth area so they went about it with a UNKNOWN approach , '' says richard UNKNOWN , a candela vice president . 
indeed , for many japanese trading companies , the favorite u.s. small business is one whose research and development can be UNKNOWN for future japanese use . 
the japanese companies UNKNOWN many small u.s. companies with promising products or ideas , frequently putting their money behind projects that commercial banks wo n't touch . 
japanese companies have financed small and medium-sized u.s. firms for years , but in recent months , the pace has taken off . 
in the first half of 9999 alone , japanese corporations invested $ 999 million in minority positions in u.s. companies , a 99 % rise from the figure for all of 9999 , reports venture economics inc . 
the needham , mass. , concern tracks investments in new businesses . 
in addition , of course , some of the japanese investments involved outright purchase of small u.s. firms . 
heightened japanese interest in american small business UNKNOWN an acceleration of investments giving japanese companies control of large , highly visible u.s. corporations , such as columbia pictures entertainment inc . 
only this week , it was announced that mitsubishi estate co. had acquired a 99 % stake in rockefeller group , which owns new york 's prestigious rockefeller center . 
while the small deals are far less UNKNOWN , they add to japanese UNKNOWN of the u.s. market . 
as the deals also improve japanese access to american technology and market knowledge , they feed american UNKNOWN in this area , too . 
even a UNKNOWN product like UNKNOWN glass can catch a trading company 's fancy if there 's a strategic fit . 
free state glass industries of UNKNOWN , va. , a small UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN glass , was UNKNOWN under its original management . 
last year , mitsubishi international corp. , the new york-based arm of mitsubishi corp. , bought controlling interest in the glass company in a joint venture with ronald UNKNOWN , a glass industry executive and mitsubishi consultant . 
the deal is UNKNOWN designed to give mitsubishi a window on the u.s. glass industry , says UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , an executive in mitsubishi 's general merchandise department in new york . 
`` it 's not just a simple investment in a small company , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
`` we want to see the glass market from the inside , not the outside . '' 
mitsubishi 's investment in free state is `` very small ... less than $ 9 million , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
mr. UNKNOWN declines to comment on the arrangement . 
trading companies such as mitsubishi , mitsui , c. UNKNOWN & co. and UNKNOWN corp. , which make many of the japanese investments in small u.s. concerns , have no u.s. counterpart . 
these UNKNOWN integrated combines , some of which got their start in japan 's UNKNOWN period , deal UNKNOWN in commodities , construction and manufacturing . 
they operate ships and banks . 
`` all the `` UNKNOWN '' are looking for new business , '' says arthur UNKNOWN , adviser to the president of mitsui , u.s.a. , using the japanese term for the largest of the global trading houses . 
adds UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , senior vice president of c. UNKNOWN america inc. : `` we have a great interest in making investments , particularly in new ventures . '' 
a host of electronics firms in california 's silicon valley were financed with UNKNOWN venture capital . 
profit , at least in the short term , is usually a secondary goal . 
`` strategic objectives , not financial return , drive many of the deals , '' says a venture economics spokesman . 
in investing on the basis of future transactions , a role often performed by merchant banks , trading companies can cut through the UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN owners often face with their local commercial banks . 
`` it 's the classic problem of the small businessman , '' says malcolm UNKNOWN , managing director of trading alliance corp. of new york . 
`` people are UNKNOWN at the door to take his product but he does n't have the working capital to make the thing and commercial banks are very UNKNOWN . 
they want assets , they want a balance sheet , which has no UNKNOWN to the business a company can generate . '' 
adds mitsui 's mr. UNKNOWN : `` unlike corporations in this country , trading companies are n't so much interested in a high return on investment as they are on increasing trade flows . 
to the extent they can do this , they 're quite content to get a return on investment of 9 % to 9 % . '' 
mr. UNKNOWN says mitsui has 99 u.s. subsidiaries in which it holds 99 % interest or more and the trading company hopes to double the number of its u.s. affiliates in 9999 . 
sales by these subsidiaries in the fiscal year ending last march were more than $ 99 billion . 
a 9 % to 9 % return on $ 99 billion `` UNKNOWN n't UNKNOWN , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
hudson general corp. 's president and chief executive officer , alan j. UNKNOWN , resigned . 
mr. UNKNOWN , 99 years old , could n't be reached for comment . 
a company spokesman declined to elaborate on the departure . 
hudson general , which provides maintenance , UNKNOWN and other services to airlines and airports , reported a loss for its most recent fiscal year and last month omitted the semiannual dividend on its common shares . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who had been with the company more than 99 years and had been president since 9999 , will act as a consultant to hudson general . 
his duties as chief executive will be assumed by chairman jay b. UNKNOWN . 
for 99 years , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN went to her neighborhood bank because it was UNKNOWN . 
a UNKNOWN customer that banks UNKNOWN for , she did n't give much thought to the rates she was receiving , nor to the fees she was paying . 
but in august , first atlanta national bank introduced its crown account , a package designed to lure customers such as ms. UNKNOWN . 
among other things , it included checking , safe deposit box and credit card -- all for free -- plus a good deal on installment loans . 
all she had to do was put $ 99,999 in a certificate of deposit , or qualify for a $ 99,999 personal line of credit . 
`` i deserve something for my loyalty , '' she says . 
she took her business to first atlanta . 
so it goes in the competitive world of consumer banking these days . 
for nearly a decade , banks have UNKNOWN for customers primarily with the interest rates they pay on their deposits and charge on their loans . 
the competitive rates were generally offset by hefty fees on various services . 
but many banks are turning away from strict price competition . 
instead , they are trying to build customer loyalty by UNKNOWN their services into packages and targeting them to small segments of the population . 
`` you 're dead in the water if you are n't UNKNOWN the market , '' says anne moore , president of UNKNOWN research corp. , a bank consulting firm in atlanta . 
UNKNOWN corp. of charlotte , n.c. , recently introduced its financial UNKNOWN program aimed at young adults just starting UNKNOWN . 
the program not only offers a UNKNOWN car loan up to $ 99,999 , but throws in a special UNKNOWN statement to help in saving money . 
in september , union UNKNOWN corp. of UNKNOWN , tenn. , launched the edge account , a package designed for the `` UNKNOWN '' crowd with services that include a credit card and line of credit with no annual fees , and a full percentage point off on installment loans . 
the theory : such individuals , many with young children , are in their prime borrowing years -- and , having borrowed from the bank , they may continue to use it for other services in later years . 
for some time , banks have been UNKNOWN packages at the elderly , the UNKNOWN segment with the highest savings . 
those efforts are being stepped up . 
UNKNOWN macdonald , vice president of retail sales at UNKNOWN banks inc. of UNKNOWN , fla. , says the company now targets UNKNOWN within the market by UNKNOWN its popular seniors partners program to various life UNKNOWN . 
`` varying age , geography and UNKNOWN differences create numerous UNKNOWN , '' ms. macdonald says . 
she says individual UNKNOWN branches can add different benefits to their seniors partners package -- such as UNKNOWN activities or travel UNKNOWN -- to appeal to local market interests . 
`` an active 99-year-old in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN may care more about senior olympic games , while a 99-year-old in panama city may care more about a UNKNOWN on health , '' she says . 
banks have tried packaging before . 
in 9999 , wells fargo & co. of san francisco launched the gold account , which included free checking , a credit card , UNKNOWN box and travelers checks for a $ 9 monthly fee . 
the concept UNKNOWN a slew of UNKNOWN , but the banks stopped promoting the packages . 
one big reason : thin margins . 
many banks , particularly smaller ones , were slow to UNKNOWN and could n't target market UNKNOWN that would have made the programs more profitable . 
as banks ' earnings were squeezed in the mid-9999s , the emphasis switched to finding ways to cut costs . 
but now computers are enabling more banks to UNKNOWN their customers by age , income and geography . 
they are better able to get to those segments in the wake of the deregulation that began in the late 9999s . 
deregulation has effectively removed all restrictions on what banks can pay for deposits , as well as opened up the field for new products such as UNKNOWN cds . 
where a bank once offered a standard UNKNOWN savings account , it began offering money-market accounts , certificates of deposit and UNKNOWN checking , and staggering rates based on the size of deposits . 
the competition has grown more intense as bigger banks such as UNKNOWN corp. of minneapolis and chemical banking corp. of new york extend their UNKNOWN UNKNOWN into small towns across the nation . 
`` today , a banker is UNKNOWN about local , regional and UNKNOWN { banks } , as well as thrifts and credit unions , '' says ms. moore at UNKNOWN research . 
`` so people who were n't even thinking about targeting 99 years ago are scrambling to UNKNOWN their customer base . '' 
the competition has UNKNOWN a much UNKNOWN consumer . 
`` the average household will spread 99 accounts over a dozen financial institutions , '' says michael p. sullivan , who runs his own bank consulting firm in charlotte , n.c . 
`` this much UNKNOWN makes attracting and keeping today 's UNKNOWN customers costly . '' 
packages encourage loyalty by rewarding customers for doing the bulk of their banking in one place . 
for their troubles , the banks get a larger UNKNOWN audience that is less likely to move at the drop of a rate . 
the more accounts customers have , mr. sullivan says , the more likely they are to be attracted to a package -- and to be loyal to the bank that offers it . 
that can pay off down the road as customers , especially the younger ones , change from borrowers to UNKNOWN / investors . 
packaging has some drawbacks . 
the additional technology , personnel training and promotional effort can be expensive . 
chemical bank spent more than $ 99 million to introduce its UNKNOWN line , several packages aimed at different segments , in 9999 , according to thomas UNKNOWN , senior vice president of marketing . 
`` it 's not easy to roll out something that comprehensive , and make it pay , '' mr. UNKNOWN says . 
still , bankers expect packaging to UNKNOWN , primarily because more customers are demanding that financial services be UNKNOWN to their needs . 
`` these days , banking customers walk in the door expecting you to have a package especially for them , '' ms. moore says . 
some banks are already moving in that direction , according to UNKNOWN t. sale , marketing director at first union corp. in charlotte . 
first union , he says , now has packages for seven customer groups . 
soon , it will split those into 99 . 
says mr. sale : `` i think more banks are starting to realize that we have to be more like the department store , not the UNKNOWN . '' 
iras . 
UNKNOWN inc. said it will UNKNOWN a registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission to UNKNOWN a plan to sell 999,999 newly issued common shares . 
the chandler , ariz. , company said it will UNKNOWN the registration to cover only the 9.9 million warrants , each exercisable for the purchase of one common share . 
currently , UNKNOWN has about 9.9 million common shares outstanding . 
UNKNOWN develops and markets low-cost software , UNKNOWN equipment and accessories for computers . 
five things you can do for $ 99,999 or less : 
9 . buy a new chevrolet . 
9 . take a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
9 . send your child to a university . 
9 . buy a diamond UNKNOWN . 
9 . make a UNKNOWN difference in the regulatory life of an american savings-and-loan association through the foster corporate parents plan . 
americans today spend $ 99,999 like UNKNOWN change -- they do n't think much about it . 
but for an ailing savings-and-loan association -- UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN -- it can lead to safety from imminent UNKNOWN and to a future full of promise . 
your $ 99,999 will help keep a UNKNOWN savings and loan UNKNOWN -- and out of the federal budget deficit . 
as a foster corporate parent , you 'll be helping a neighborhood s&l in areas crucial to its survival . 
like healthy regulatory capital . 
a steady deposit base . 
performing loans . 
at the same time , you 'll give your foster savings institution the gift of hope and freedom from the federal regulators who want to close its doors -- for good . 
as a foster corporate parent , you will experience the same UNKNOWN felt by robert bass , lewis UNKNOWN , william simon and others , who find ways to help troubled savings institutions and their employees help themselves . 
that builds confidence , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , not to mention critical regulatory net worth . 
do n't wait -- a savings institution needs your help now ! 
every day you delay , a savings institution 's health -- and the federal budget deficit -- grows worse . 
think about the good you can do for just $ 99,999 a month , about the cost of a UNKNOWN chevrolet or two UNKNOWN at a state university . 
then send your support to a savings institution that has taken a bad UNKNOWN in the press and on its bottom line . 
every $ 99,999 you send will go a long way to boost sagging net worth and employee morale -- and keep your foster savings institution off the federal budget deficit ! 
mr. UNKNOWN is a lawyer in new york . 
the chicago mercantile exchange said it plans to institute an additional `` circuit breaker '' aimed at stemming market UNKNOWN . 
separately , john phelan told a closed house subcommittee meeting in washington that he would support securities and exchange commission UNKNOWN of program trading during market UNKNOWN . 
but the new york stock exchange chairman said he does n't support UNKNOWN a `` UNKNOWN '' on program trading , arguing that firms could get around such a limit . 
the chicago merc said a new UNKNOWN price limit would take effect in its standard & poor 's 999 stock-index futures pit once s&p 999 futures fell 99 index points -- the equivalent of about a 999-point drop in the dow jones industrial average . 
if the 99-point limit is triggered after 9:99 p.m . chicago time , it would remain in effect until the normal close of trading at 9:99 p.m . 
with the limit in effect , members would be able to execute trades at the limit price or at higher prices , but not below it . 
the exchange said it decided a new circuit breaker was needed following a review of the tumultuous trading in stocks and stock-index futures on friday oct. 99 , when the dow jones industrials plunged 999 points and stock-index futures prices skidded as well . 
late that afternoon the s&p 999 stock-index futures contract fell a total of 99 index points , UNKNOWN a merc circuit breaker limit that remained in effect for the rest of the trading session . 
the merc said that its existing UNKNOWN , 99-point limit on s&p 999 stock-index futures trading ( equal to about 999 points on the dow jones industrials ) , which was triggered oct. 99 , will remain in effect . 
leo UNKNOWN , merc executive committee chairman , said that the 99-point limit appeared to UNKNOWN the selling panic oct. 99 . 
but when the contract reopened , the subsequent flood of sell orders that quickly knocked the contract down to the 99-point limit indicated that the intermediate limit of 99 points was needed to help keep stock and stock-index futures prices UNKNOWN . 
several traders maintained that the merc 's 99-point UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the market slide oct. 99 by UNKNOWN additional selling pressure to the floor of the new york stock exchange . 
all of the changes require regulatory approval , which is expected shortly . 
the exchange also said that the 99-point circuit breaker , which currently provides only a UNKNOWN UNKNOWN during market UNKNOWN , will become the maximum one-day limit for the s&p 999 stock-index futures contract ; the one-day limit now is 99 index points . 
a final UNKNOWN was made to the UNKNOWN opening limit for the contract . 
the merc said that UNKNOWN limit will remain in effect for the first 99 minutes of trading . 
the limit UNKNOWN under current exchange rules if contracts trade above the limit price during the opening 99 minutes of trading . 
in washington , house aides said mr. phelan told congressmen that the UNKNOWN , which banned program trades through the big board 's computer when the dow jones industrial average moved 99 points , did n't work well . 
he said that firms could get around the UNKNOWN by UNKNOWN trades UNKNOWN . 
in a UNKNOWN news conference , mr. phelan , who has publicly expressed concern about market volatility , said he told the house finance and telecommunications subcommittee that he would support the program-trading halt proposal `` providing the sec would be comfortable with the language '' in a bill . 
the program-trading issue is heating up on capitol hill as it is on wall street , and several legislators want to grant the sec the power to shut off the programs when trading becomes too volatile . 
sec chairman richard breeden has said he would be willing to consider circuit breakers that have UNKNOWN trigger points , but he does n't want discretionary power to stop programs . 
a house aide suggested that mr. phelan was so `` UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN '' that it was the kind of meeting where people of all UNKNOWN could `` come out feeling good . '' 
at one point , mr. phelan angered the subcommittee 's chairman , rep. edward markey ( d. , mass. ) , by not going much beyond what already had been reported in the morning newspapers . 
`` markey said we could have done this in public '' because so little sensitive information was disclosed , the aide said . 
mr. phelan then responded that he would have been happy just writing a report to the panel , the aide added . 
at another point during the hearing , rep. markey asked mr. phelan what would be discussed at a new york exchange board meeting today . 
mr. phelan said the big board is likely to study the program-trading issue . 
that response annoyed rep. markey , house aides said , and the congressman snapped back that there had been enough studies of the issue and that it was time for action on the matter . 
UNKNOWN of the 99 subcommittee members attended the hearing , most notably rep. john dingell ( d. , mich. ) , the full house energy and commerce committee chairman , who has been willing to let mr. markey carry the legislation in recent months . 
mr. dingell expressed concern , sources said , about UNKNOWN problems in UNKNOWN program trading , which uses futures to offset stock trades . 
the futures industry is UNKNOWN by the commodity futures trading commission , which reports to the agriculture committees in both houses . 
the art of UNKNOWN is UNKNOWN to the english , and , like most english UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN to the rest of the world . 
-- UNKNOWN l. UNKNOWN , `` the nine UNKNOWN '' 
UNKNOWN , england 
-- of all scenes that UNKNOWN rural england , this is one of the UNKNOWN : an ancient stone church stands amid the fields , the sound of bells UNKNOWN from its tower , calling the UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN . 
the UNKNOWN of st. michael and all UNKNOWN stop to UNKNOWN at the church door , as members here always have . 
in the tower , five men and women pull UNKNOWN on ropes attached to the same five bells that first UNKNOWN here in 9999 . 
but there is also a UNKNOWN , modern note in UNKNOWN , though it ca n't be heard by the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN of bells this cool autumn evening . 
like most of the other 9,999 UNKNOWN in britain with sets of bells , st. michael once had its own `` band '' of ringers , who would UNKNOWN every sunday morning and evening service . 
now , only one local ringer remains : 99-year-old UNKNOWN hammond . 
the others here today live elsewhere . 
they belong to a group of 99 ringers -- including two UNKNOWN and four youngsters in training -- who drive every sunday from church to church in a UNKNOWN effort to keep the bells UNKNOWN in the many UNKNOWN of east anglia . 
`` to ring for even one service at this tower , we have to UNKNOWN , '' says mr. hammond , a retired UNKNOWN worker . 
`` we 've tried to train the youngsters , but they have their UNKNOWN and their UNKNOWN , and they just UNKNOWN away . '' 
mr. hammond worries that old age and the UNKNOWN of youth will UNKNOWN the ranks of the east UNKNOWN group that keeps the UNKNOWN bells UNKNOWN . 
history , after all , is not on his side . 
according to a nationwide survey taken a year ago , nearly a third of england 's church bells are no longer UNKNOWN on UNKNOWN because there is no one to ring them . 
it is easy to see why the ancient art is on the ropes . 
the less complicated version of playing UNKNOWN on bells , as do the UNKNOWN of continental europe , is considered by the english to be UNKNOWN , fit only for foreigners . 
UNKNOWN , a UNKNOWN exercise the english invented 999 years ago , requires physical UNKNOWN -- some bells weigh more than a ton -- combined with intense UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
proper english bells are started off in `` UNKNOWN , '' from the UNKNOWN bell to the lowest -- a simple UNKNOWN scale using , in larger UNKNOWN , as many as 99 bells . 
then , at a signal , the ringers begin varying the order in which the bells sound without UNKNOWN the steady UNKNOWN of the striking . 
each UNKNOWN , or change , can occur only once , the rules state . 
ringers UNKNOWN patterns of changes , known as `` methods , '' which have UNKNOWN names like kent UNKNOWN bob major or UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
a series of 9,999 or so changes is a `` UNKNOWN '' and takes about three hours . 
a look at a thursday night practice at st. mary UNKNOWN church in the UNKNOWN district of london gives an idea of the work involved . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ringers stand in a circle , one foot ahead of the other in a UNKNOWN 's stance , each pulling a UNKNOWN that disappears through a small hole in the high ceiling of the ringing chamber . 
no one speaks , and the UNKNOWN of the ropes seems to make as much sound as the bells themselves , UNKNOWN by the ceiling . 
totally UNKNOWN , the ringers UNKNOWN straight ahead , using UNKNOWN vision ( they call it `` UNKNOWN '' ) to watch the other ropes and thus time their UNKNOWN . 
far above in the UNKNOWN , the huge UNKNOWN bells , mounted on UNKNOWN , swing UNKNOWN through a full 999 degrees , starting and ending , surprisingly , in the UNKNOWN , or UNKNOWN position . 
skilled ringers use their UNKNOWN to advance or UNKNOWN the next swing , so that one bell can UNKNOWN places with another in the following change . 
in a well-known UNKNOWN involving church bells , english UNKNOWN UNKNOWN l. UNKNOWN described ringing as a `` UNKNOWN { that } finds its satisfaction in UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . '' 
ringers , she added , are `` filled with the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN that comes of UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN performed . '' 
`` ringing does become a bit of an UNKNOWN , '' admits UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , master of the band at st. mary UNKNOWN and one of england 's best female ringers . 
it is a UNKNOWN that usually stays in the tower , however . 
more often than not , ringers think of the church as something stuck on the bottom of the UNKNOWN . 
when their changes are completed , and after they have worked up a UNKNOWN , ringers often UNKNOWN off to the local UNKNOWN , leaving UNKNOWN for others below . 
this does not sit well with some UNKNOWN . 
with membership of the church of england steadily UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are pressing equally UNKNOWN and often UNKNOWN ringers to UNKNOWN services . 
two years ago , the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , vicar of great UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , got so fed up with ringers who did n't UNKNOWN service he UNKNOWN the entire band ; the ringers promptly set up a UNKNOWN line in protest . 
`` they were a UNKNOWN club that treated the tower as sort of a separate premises , '' the vicar UNKNOWN says . 
an entirely new band UNKNOWN today at great UNKNOWN , several of whom are members of the UNKNOWN . 
but there still are n't enough ringers to ring more than six of the eight bells . 
at st. mary 's church in UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , the bells have fallen UNKNOWN following a UNKNOWN over church attendance . 
the vicar , UNKNOWN jones , refuses to talk about it , saying it would `` reopen the UNKNOWN . '' 
but UNKNOWN marshall , vicar of a nearby church , feels the fault is in the UNKNOWN from the bell tower that are located next to the UNKNOWN . 
`` so crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang -- here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious UNKNOWN while the UNKNOWN is at UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
vicar marshall admits to mixed feelings about this issue , since he is both a vicar and an active UNKNOWN himself . 
`` the sound of bells is a net to draw people into the church , '' he says . 
`` i live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that UNKNOWN life . '' 
the central council of church bell ringers , a sort of parliament of ringing groups , aims to improve relations with UNKNOWN , says john c. baldwin , president . 
it hopes to speak to students at UNKNOWN colleges about the UNKNOWN of bell ringing and will shortly publish a UNKNOWN for every vicar in the country entitled , `` the bells in your care . '' 
says mr. baldwin , `` we recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience . '' 
mr. baldwin is also UNKNOWN the greater problem : lack of ringers . 
one survey says that of the 999,999 trained UNKNOWN in england today , only 99,999 of them still ring . 
also , ringers do n't always live where the bells need to be UNKNOWN -- like in small , rural UNKNOWN and inner-city UNKNOWN . 
but the council 's program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful , says mr. baldwin . 
`` right now , we 're lucky if after five years we keep one new ringer out of 99 , '' he adds . 
one bright sign is that a growing number of women have entered the once UNKNOWN field ; more than a third of the ringers today are women . 
they are n't accepted UNKNOWN , however . 
the UNKNOWN UNKNOWN group in the country , the ancient society of college UNKNOWN , founded in 9999 , remains UNKNOWN , a fact that 's particularly UNKNOWN to women because the group is the sole source of ringers for britain 's most prestigious UNKNOWN , st. paul 's UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN . 
this being britain , no woman has filed an UNKNOWN suit , but the extent of the problem surfaced this summer in a series of letters to `` the ringing world , '' a weekly newspaper for ringers . 
one writer , signing his letter as `` UNKNOWN , balanced male , '' UNKNOWN on the `` UNKNOWN of women UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN , '' and suggested that they `` settle back into their traditional role of making tea at meetings . '' 
in the UNKNOWN of replies that followed , one woman ringer from UNKNOWN observed that `` the average male ringer leaves quite a lot to be UNKNOWN : badly UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN with UNKNOWN and a large UNKNOWN , frequently UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN in UNKNOWN . '' 
another women wrote from UNKNOWN to say that in her 99 years of ringing , `` i have never known a lady to UNKNOWN in the UNKNOWN . 
i have seen one or two men die , UNKNOWN them . 
investors unsettled by the stock market 's gyrations can take some comfort in the predictable UNKNOWN of quarterly dividend checks . 
that has been particularly true this year with many companies raising their payouts more than 99 % . 
but do n't UNKNOWN too easy : those dividend increases may signal trouble ahead for stock prices , some analysts UNKNOWN . 
in the past , they say , the strongest dividend growth has often come at times when the stock-market party was almost over . 
that can be a trap for UNKNOWN investors , says richard UNKNOWN , senior UNKNOWN analyst at merrill lynch & co . 
strong dividend growth , he says , is `` the black widow of UNKNOWN '' -- a reference to the female UNKNOWN that attract UNKNOWN and then kill them after UNKNOWN . 
stephen boesel , president of t. rowe price growth and income fund , explains that companies raise their payouts most UNKNOWN only after the economy and corporate profits have been growing for some time . 
`` UNKNOWN , those strong periods in the economy give way to UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , '' he says . 
`` and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN are n't UNKNOWN to the stock market . '' 
indeed , analysts say that payouts have sometimes risen most sharply when prices were already on their way down from cyclical UNKNOWN . 
in 9999 , for example , dividends on the stocks in standard & poor 's 999-stock index soared 99 % , following much slower growth the year before . 
the s&p index started sliding in price in september 9999 , and fell 99 % in 9999 -- despite a 99 % expansion in dividends that year . 
that pattern has n't always held , but recent strong growth in dividends makes some market UNKNOWN anxious . 
payouts on the s&p 999 stocks rose 99 % in 9999 , according to standard & poor 's corp. , and wall street estimates for 9999 growth are generally between 9 % and 99 % . 
many people believe the growth in dividends will slow next year , although a minority see double-digit gains continuing . 
meanwhile , many market UNKNOWN say recent dividend trends raise another warning flag : while dividends have risen UNKNOWN , their expansion has n't kept pace with even stronger advances in stock prices . 
as a result , the market 's dividend yield -- dividends as a percentage of price -- has slid to a level that is fairly low and UNKNOWN by historical standards . 
put another way , the decline in the yield suggests stocks have gotten pretty rich in price relative to the dividends they pay , some market analysts say . 
they are keeping a close watch on the yield on the s&p 999 . 
the figure is currently about 9.9 % , up from 9.9 % before the recent market slide . 
some analysts say investors should run for the UNKNOWN if a sustained market rebound UNKNOWN the yield below 9 % . 
a drop below that 9 % benchmark `` has always been a strong warning sign that stocks are fully valued , '' says mr. boesel of t. rowe price . 
in fact , `` the market has always UNKNOWN . 
always . 
there 's never been an exception , '' says gerald w. UNKNOWN , a chicago investment adviser and money manager , based on a review of six decades of stock-market data . 
the last time the s&p 999 yield dropped below 9 % was in the summer of 9999 . 
stockholders who took the hint and sold shares escaped the october debacle . 
there have been only seven other times -- in 9999 , 9999 , 9999 , 9999 , 9999 , 9999 and 9999 -- when the yield on the s&p 999 dropped below 9 % for at least two consecutive months , mr. UNKNOWN found . 
and in each case , he says , a sharp drop in stock prices began within a year . 
still , some market analysts say the current 9.9 % reading is n't as troublesome as it might have been in years past . 
`` it 's not a very UNKNOWN indicator currently because corporations are not UNKNOWN in a traditional manner , '' says james h. UNKNOWN , head of stock investments for cigna corp. , the UNKNOWN insurer . 
in particular , mr. UNKNOWN says , businesses are paying out a smaller percentage of their profits and cash flow in the form of dividends than they have historically . 
so , while stock prices may look fairly high relative to dividends , they are not excessive relative to the underlying corporate strength . 
rather than increasing dividends , some companies have used cash to buy back some of their shares , notes steven g. einhorn , co-chairman of the investment policy committee at goldman , sachs & co . 
he factors that into the market yield to get an adjusted yield of about 9.9 % . 
that is just a UNKNOWN below the average of the past 99 years or so , he says . 
what will happen to dividend growth next year ? 
common wisdom suggests a UNKNOWN rate of growth , reflecting a weakening in the economy and corporate profits . 
painewebber inc. , for instance , is forecasting growth in s&p 999 dividends of just under 9 % in 9999 , down from an estimated 99 % this year . 
in other years in which there have been moderate economic UNKNOWN -- the environment the firm expects in 9999 -- the change in dividends ranged from a gain of 9 % to a decline of 9 % , according to painewebber analyst thomas UNKNOWN . 
the minority argument , meanwhile , is that businesses have the financial UNKNOWN this time around to UNKNOWN sharply higher dividends even if their earnings weaken . 
dividend growth on the order of 99 % is expected by both mr. UNKNOWN of cigna and mr. einhorn of goldman sachs . 
those dividend UNKNOWN argue that corporations are in the unusual position of having plenty of cash left over after paying dividends and making capital expenditures . 
one indicator investors might want to watch is the monthly UNKNOWN from standard & poor 's of the number of public companies adjusting their dividends . 
a total of 999 companies raised dividends in october , basically unchanged from 999 a year ago , s&p said wednesday . 
that followed four straight months in which the number of increases trailed the year-earlier pace . 
while the s&p UNKNOWN does n't measure the magnitude of dividend changes , a further UNKNOWN in the number of dividend increases could be a UNKNOWN of slower dividend growth next year . 
in any case , opinion is mixed on how much of a boost the overall stock market would get even if dividend growth continues at double-digit levels . 
mr. einhorn of goldman sachs estimates the stock market will deliver a 99 % to 99 % total return from appreciation and dividends over the next 99 months -- vs. a `` cash rate of return '' of perhaps 9 % or 9 % if dividend growth is weak . 
but mr. boesel of t. rowe price , who also expects 99 % growth in dividends next year , does n't think it will help the overall market all that much . 
`` having the dividend increases is a supportive element in the market outlook , but i do n't think it 's a main consideration , '' he says . 
with slower economic growth and flat corporate earnings likely next year , `` i would n't look for the market to have much upside from current levels . 
your oct. 99 UNKNOWN story on the renewed UNKNOWN of western union says that western union had lost its chance to be in the telephone business by turning down alexander UNKNOWN bell 's offer to it of his UNKNOWN , because it UNKNOWN felt that voice communication would never replace the telegraph . 
such is hardly the case . 
bell 's UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN g. UNKNOWN , wealthy and UNKNOWN , obtained financing to start the american bell telephone co. in boston , which even had a subsidiary in new york called the telephone co. of new york . 
this is where bell 's patents went . 
western union indeed wanted to get into the telephone business . 
it acquired thomas edison 's UNKNOWN patent and then immediately sued the bell co. claiming that the UNKNOWN invented by my UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , which had been sold to bell for a UNKNOWN $ 99,999 , UNKNOWN upon western union 's edison patent . 
when bell established that the UNKNOWN patent UNKNOWN was registered 99 days before edison 's application , western union dropped the lawsuit and agreed never to enter the telephone business -- the basis for the company 's current UNKNOWN . 
oliver UNKNOWN beverly hills , calif . 
troubled nbi inc. said it fired more than half its work force and is UNKNOWN its hardware business to focus on its software and service operations . 
the ailing company , which has reported net losses for 99 consecutive quarters , said it wo n't manufacture network computer systems any more and will greatly reduce its costly direct sales force . 
altogether , nbi said it will eliminate 999 jobs at its UNKNOWN headquarters , 999 field sales jobs and 99 jobs at its canadian and united kingdom headquarters . 
the company 's work force will fall to about 999 people . 
stephen g. UNKNOWN , president and chief executive officer , said customers were n't willing to UNKNOWN to an expensive nbi hardware systems because of the company 's financial troubles . 
further , he said , the company does n't have the capital needed to build the business over the next year or two . 
`` we flat ran out of financing resources , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` we had to do something UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN different . '' 
as a result , he said nbi will focus on UNKNOWN its installed base of systems , trying to provide maintenance for other manufacturers and expanding its software business , using some of the applications it developed for its hardware . 
the company currently offers a UNKNOWN package for personal computers called UNKNOWN . 
the company , which recently said it lacked the profits and capital to pay dividends on its series a convertible preferred stock , said it has hired an investment banker to help it raise additional cash . 
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , nbi common closed at 99 cents a share , up 99 cents . 
it was richard nixon 's first visit to china in 9999 that set in motion the historic UNKNOWN between beijing and washington . 
but the former u.s. president 's sixth visit to china , during which he spoke at UNKNOWN with chinese leaders , was UNKNOWN near as successful at easing UNKNOWN that have recently UNKNOWN the UNKNOWN relationship . 
mr. nixon , the most prominent american to come to china since beijing 's UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of pro-democracy demonstrators in june , UNKNOWN on international UNKNOWN over the massacre . 
the chinese , in turn , took aim at american `` UNKNOWN '' in china 's domestic affairs . 
one official newspaper , legal daily , even directly criticized mr. nixon , who is normally referred to here as an `` old friend . '' 
the paper accused him of being a leading UNKNOWN of `` UNKNOWN evolution , '' a catch UNKNOWN to describe what china believes is the policy of western countries to UNKNOWN socialist nations into the capitalist UNKNOWN . 
the tension was evident on wednesday evening during mr. nixon 's final UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , normally an opportunity for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN about UNKNOWN friendship . 
instead , mr. nixon reminded his host , chinese president yang UNKNOWN , that americans have n't UNKNOWN china 's leaders for the military assault of june 9-9 that killed hundreds , and perhaps thousands , of demonstrators . 
`` many in the united states , including many friends of china , believe the UNKNOWN was excessive and UNKNOWN , '' mr. nixon told mr. yang , who was directly involved in ordering the attack . 
`` the events of april through june damaged the respect and confidence which most americans previously had for the leaders of china . '' 
the chinese responded in an equally UNKNOWN fashion . 
in talks with mr. nixon , chinese leaders expressed no regret for the killings , and even suggested that the u.s. was UNKNOWN involved in the UNKNOWN this spring . 
in a meeting tuesday , supreme leader , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , told mr. nixon , `` UNKNOWN speaking , the u.s. was involved too deeply in the turmoil and UNKNOWN UNKNOWN which occurred in beijing not long ago . 
china was the real victim and it is UNKNOWN to UNKNOWN china for it . '' 
despite the harsh exchanges , the u.s. and china still seem to be looking for a way to UNKNOWN relations , which have deteriorated into what mr. nixon referred to as `` the greatest crisis in UNKNOWN relations '' since his initial visit to china 99 years ago . 
in his return UNKNOWN to mr. nixon , mr. yang said the relationship had reached a `` UNKNOWN . '' 
relations between china and the u.s. have been UNKNOWN since june 9 , when chinese dissident UNKNOWN UNKNOWN and his wife , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , took refuge in the u.s. embassy in beijing . 
shortly afterwards , mr. bush imposed a series of UNKNOWN sanctions , including suspension of most UNKNOWN talks , which could be UNKNOWN in u.s. congressional legislation in the coming weeks . 
mr. nixon is UNKNOWN in china as a private citizen , but he has made clear that he is an UNKNOWN UNKNOWN for the bush administration . 
mr. nixon met mr. bush and his national security adviser , UNKNOWN scowcroft , before coming to china on saturday . 
and he plans to brief the president at the end of the week , u.s. sources said . 
mr. nixon was to leave china today . 
according to an american member of the nixon party , the former president raised a number of controversial issues in his 99 hours of talks with UNKNOWN chinese officials . 
these included china 's economic policies , human rights and the question of mr. UNKNOWN . 
mr. nixon also proposed that china restore its participation in the UNKNOWN program , a u.s. UNKNOWN academic exchange . 
china pulled out of the program in july . 
in his talks , the former president urged china 's leaders to acknowledge that their nation is part of the world community and welcome the UNKNOWN of outside UNKNOWN and ideas . 
`` ideas are going over borders , and there 's no UNKNOWN ideological weapon that can shoot them down , '' he told a group of americans at the u.s. embassy on wednesday . 
there are no signs , however , of china 's yielding on key issues . 
but in one minor matter , mr. nixon appears to have gained a UNKNOWN . 
in a meeting with premier UNKNOWN UNKNOWN on monday , mr. nixon said that he hoped he would n't UNKNOWN guards with machine UNKNOWN during his visit to the u.s. embassy . 
sure enough , when he arrived at the embassy two days later , the UNKNOWN guards were gone -- for the first time in five months . 
a few blocks away , at the u.s. ambassador 's residence , the guards UNKNOWN the compound also had discarded their UNKNOWN arms for the first time since early june . 
but the guards there retained their UNKNOWN , and a large contingent of UNKNOWN police remained nearby in UNKNOWN cars . 
moreover , police and soldiers continue to UNKNOWN americans , who have filed several protests with the foreign ministry in the past week . 
several times , chinese guards have pointed their automatic UNKNOWN at young children of u.s. UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN the trigger . 
the UNKNOWN were n't UNKNOWN . 
your oct. 9 article `` japan 's financial firms lure science UNKNOWN '' states , `` industrial companies are UNKNOWN financial institutions of UNKNOWN japan 's economy by raising the salary stakes for new employees . '' 
the japanese industrial companies should know better . 
they are UNKNOWN up the wrong tree , because it is basically their fault they ca n't attract new employees . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , president of fujitsu ltd. , believes `` the ` money UNKNOWN ' among young people ... caused the problem . '' 
he is just passing the buck to young people . 
what 's wrong with asking for more money ? 
money is not everything , but it is necessary , and business is not UNKNOWN work . 
it is not UNKNOWN to choose a UNKNOWN job . 
unfortunately , japanese manufacturers have neither good working conditions nor good compensation packages . 
i get the impression that some japanese managers believe working harder for less money is beautiful . 
i visited a lot of major japanese manufacturers , but i never felt i would want to be employed by any of them . 
many of them recently have been spending a lot of money on public relations and advertising to improve their images , but they should realize that the most important thing is real change , not changing people 's perceptions . 
if the japanese companies are seriously considering their survival , they could do at least three things to improve the situation : raise salaries higher than those of financial institutions ; improve working conditions ( better offices and more UNKNOWN , for example ) ; accept and hire more labor from outside japan . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN 
in reference to your oct. 9 UNKNOWN article `` barbara bush earns even higher ratings than the president , '' it is UNKNOWN that you must continually UNKNOWN blacks by our UNKNOWN : `` among UNKNOWN , 99 % have positive views of her , while 99 % approve of the president 's job performance . 
in part , this may reflect the fact that ` she speaks a more UNKNOWN language ' than her husband , as columbia 's UNKNOWN . { UNKNOWN } UNKNOWN puts it . 
among professionals , 99 % have a favorable opinion of her , compared to 99 % who approve of her husband 's performance . 
while a quarter of black voters UNKNOWN of mr. bush 's handling of his job , only 99 % have a negative view of his UNKNOWN . '' 
the statistics UNKNOWN that UNKNOWN of blacks approve of mr. bush 's job performance and 99 % of blacks approve of mrs. bush . 
if the assumption is that it is surprising that so few blacks find mr. and mrs. bush UNKNOWN , the positive view is even more UNKNOWN . 
such an editorial point of view UNKNOWN an UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN perspective . 
why are we blacks continually defined by our minority and the lowest common UNKNOWN . 
UNKNOWN g. foster birmingham , UNKNOWN . 
the national association of securities dealers , the UNKNOWN organization for the over-the-counter securities markets , disciplined a number of firms and individuals for alleged violations of industry rules . 
two firms were UNKNOWN from the nasd , three were suspended or barred and nine were fined . 
first securities group of california and a principal of the firm , louis UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of marina del rey , calif. , were jointly fined $ 99,999 and UNKNOWN for alleged violations of reporting requirements on securities sales . 
also , mr. UNKNOWN was barred from association with any nasd member . 
neither first securities , of beverly hills , nor mr. UNKNOWN could be reached for comment . 
a UNKNOWN operator had no listing for either party . 
UNKNOWN henry & co. , miami , and a principal of the firm , henry i. UNKNOWN of miami , were jointly fined $ 99,999 and UNKNOWN , for alleged improper use of a customer 's funds , among other things . 
also , mr. UNKNOWN was barred from association with any nasd member . 
UNKNOWN henry has n't any miami telephone listing , an operator said . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who apparently has an UNKNOWN number , also could n't be reached . 
UNKNOWN securities corp. , of UNKNOWN , fla. , and a principal of the firm , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN , fla. , were jointly fined $ 99,999 and given 99-day UNKNOWN for allegedly selling securities at unfair prices . 
UNKNOWN has n't any telephone listing , an operator said . 
mr. UNKNOWN , who apparently has an UNKNOWN phone number , also could n't be reached . 
UNKNOWN securities , of UNKNOWN , calif. , and a principal of the firm , UNKNOWN george chase , also of UNKNOWN , were jointly fined $ 99,999 and given 99-day UNKNOWN as part of a settlement . 
while neither admitting nor denying wrongdoing , UNKNOWN and mr. chase consented to findings of violations in connection with UNKNOWN sales . 
officials of UNKNOWN could n't be reached for comment . 
mr. chase did n't return a telephone call to his office . 
crane & co. securities inc. , of mount UNKNOWN , mich. , and its president , glenn r. crane , of sterling heights , mich. , consented to a joint fine of $ 99,999 . 
without admitting or denying wrongdoing , they consented to findings of violations of escrow and UNKNOWN rules . 
mr. crane did n't return a call seeking comment . 
first commonwealth securities corp. , of new orleans , and its president , kenneth j. UNKNOWN , also of new orleans , consented to a $ 99,999 fine . 
also , mr. UNKNOWN received a UNKNOWN suspension `` in a principal capacity . '' 
without admitting or denying wrongdoing , they consented to findings that they had UNKNOWN represented the firm 's net capital , maintained UNKNOWN books and records , and made other violations . 
mr. UNKNOWN confirmed he had consented to the sanctions but declined to comment further . 
UNKNOWN securities corp. , new york , and three of its principals -- dell eugene UNKNOWN and william UNKNOWN UNKNOWN jr. , both of UNKNOWN island , wash. , and thomas albert UNKNOWN , of red bank , n.j . -- consented to a fine of $ 99,999 . 
without admitting or denying wrongdoing , they consented to findings that they failed to return funds owed to customers in connection with a UNKNOWN offering . 
reached at his office , mr. UNKNOWN , currently chairman , said , `` an implication that we failed to return investor funds is inappropriate and UNKNOWN . '' 
he described the situation as `` an escrow problem , a timing issue , '' which he said was rapidly UNKNOWN , with no losses to customers . 
UNKNOWN UNKNOWN & co. , of UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , and its president , william n. UNKNOWN jr. , also of UNKNOWN , were barred from UNKNOWN principal trades for 99 days and were jointly fined $ 99,999 . 
the firm and mr. UNKNOWN allegedly sold securities to the public at unfair prices , among other alleged violations . 
mr. UNKNOWN denied the firm had sold securities at unfair prices and suggested that the examination practices of the nasd need improvement . 
the firm and the nasd differ over the meaning of UNKNOWN and UNKNOWN , he added . 
shearson lehman hutton inc. , new york , which is 99%-owned by american express co. , consented to a $ 99,999 fine . 
without admitting or denying wrongdoing , the firm consented to findings that it failed to respond `` in a timely manner '' to the nasd 's requests for information in connection with a customer complaint . 
a shearson spokesman had no comment . 
the following individuals were fined as indicated and barred from association with nasd members , or , where noted , suspended . 
except where noted , none of these people could be reached for comment or had any comment . 
andrew UNKNOWN adams , UNKNOWN , texas , fined $ 99,999 ; john francis UNKNOWN jr. , UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , fla. , $ 99,999 ; mark anthony , UNKNOWN heights , ill. , $ 99,999 and 99-day suspension ; william UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN heights , ill. , $ 9,999 and 99-day suspension ; UNKNOWN w. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , colo. , $ 9,999 and six-month suspension ; michael j. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , pa. ; david UNKNOWN , dallas , $ 9,999 , barred as a principal ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , london , $ 99,999 ; john william curry , fined $ 9,999 , ordered to disgorge $ 99,999 , one-year suspension . 
john william davis , UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , fined $ 999,999 ; jeffrey gerard UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , fla. , $ 9,999 and 99-day suspension ; eugene michael UNKNOWN , la canada , calif. , fined $ 99,999 , ordered to disgorge $ 99,999 and suspended one year ; marion stewart UNKNOWN , la canada , fined $ 99,999 , ordered to disgorge $ 99,999 and suspended six months . 
mr. UNKNOWN said , `` we got what amounted to a parking ticket , and by complaining about it , we ended up with a sizable fine and suspension . '' 
the matter `` did n't involve anybody 's securities transactions , '' he added . 
victor stanley UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , fla. , fined $ 99,999 ; william harold UNKNOWN , houston , $ 999,999 ; michael anthony houston , bronx , n.y. , $ 99,999 ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , n.y. , $ 99,999 ; richard f. UNKNOWN , london , $ 99,999 and 99-day suspension ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN martin , st. louis , $ 99,999 ; joseph francis UNKNOWN jr. , UNKNOWN park , n.j. , $ 99,999 ; robert c. UNKNOWN , brooklyn park , UNKNOWN , $ 99,999 ; edward robert UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , n.y. , $ 99,999 . 
charles d. UNKNOWN sr. , UNKNOWN , pa. , fined $ 99,999 ; david scott UNKNOWN , lake st. louis , UNKNOWN , $ 99,999 ; UNKNOWN a. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , md. , fined $ 99,999 , ordered to disgorge $ 99,999 ; UNKNOWN ann smith , UNKNOWN , n.j. , $ 99,999 ; james g. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , ore. , $ 9,999 and six-month suspension ; UNKNOWN sun , jamaica UNKNOWN , n.y. , $ 99,999 ; william UNKNOWN , minneapolis , $ 99,999 and six-month suspension ; john UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , san francisco , $ 99,999 ; UNKNOWN m. UNKNOWN , san francisco , $ 99,999 . 
the following were neither barred nor suspended : UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , rolling hills , calif. , fined $ 9,999 and ordered to disgorge $ 99,999 ; stuart lane UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , calif. , fined $ 9,999 and ordered to disgorge $ 99,999 ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN valley , calif. , fined $ 99,999 . 
mr. UNKNOWN , a registered representative in the insurance business , said he `` UNKNOWN up '' because he did n't realize he was breaking securities laws . 
`` insurance agents have been forced by their companies into becoming registered UNKNOWN , '' he said , `` but they are not providing compliance and UNKNOWN training so that we can avoid stupid mistakes . '' 
the following were barred or , where noted , suspended and consented to findings without admitting or denying wrongdoing : edward l. UNKNOWN , jackson , UNKNOWN , $ 99,999 fine ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN cross , denver , $ 9,999 fine and 99-day suspension ; thomas richard UNKNOWN , colorado springs , colo. , $ 9,999 fine , UNKNOWN suspension and UNKNOWN suspension as a principal ; ronald a. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN rouge , UNKNOWN , $ 99,999 fine and UNKNOWN suspension ; UNKNOWN grant UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , utah , $ 99,999 fine ; clinton p. UNKNOWN , new orleans , $ 9,999 fine and UNKNOWN suspension ; richard m. kane , UNKNOWN creek , fla. , $ 999,999 fine ; john b. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , colo. , $ 9,999 fine and 99-day suspension ; john p. miller , UNKNOWN rouge , $ 9,999 fine and UNKNOWN suspension ; UNKNOWN k. pace , new york , $ 99,999 fine and 99-day suspension ; brian d. UNKNOWN , new providence , n.j. , $ 99,999 fine ; wayne a. UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , pa. , $ 9,999 fine and 99-day suspension ; UNKNOWN UNKNOWN UNKNOWN , UNKNOWN , colo. , $ 9,999 fine and 99-day suspension ; richard t. UNKNOWN , las vegas , nev. , $ 9,999 and one-year suspension ; eric g. UNKNOWN , las vegas , $ 9,999 and one-year suspension ; and robert UNKNOWN smith , UNKNOWN city , nev. , two-year suspension . 
`` i was n't ever actively engaged in any securities activities , '' said mr. UNKNOWN . 
`` i never had any clients at all . 
it was just a stupid mistake to get the license , '' he said , adding , `` i 'd just as soon not get into '' details of the settlement . 
program traders are UNKNOWN of predicting that if they are blocked in the u.s. , they will simply UNKNOWN to foreign stock markets . 
but in london and tokyo , where computer-driven trading now plays a small but growing role , traders say a number of hurdles UNKNOWN . 
government officials , especially in japan , probably would resist any UNKNOWN of program trading by players trying to UNKNOWN off the u.s. UNKNOWN over their activities and UNKNOWN abroad with their business . 
japan is `` very concerned '' about the possible effects of program trading , a senior japanese official said after the oct. 99 stock plunge in new york . 
u.s. stock-index futures are n't even traded in japan now . 
and because of the time difference , the japanese and the u.s. markets ' trading hours do n't UNKNOWN . 
it all adds up to a barrier to UNKNOWN index arbitrage , the most popular form of u.s. program trading that seeks to exploit brief differences between prices of stocks in new york and the price of a futures contract in chicago based on those stocks . 
about 99.9 % of all program trading by new york stock exchange firms in september took place in foreign markets , according to big board data . 
yet it is difficult to imagine japan racing to introduce UNKNOWN stock-index futures . 
japan 's finance ministry already is UNKNOWN institutional investors ' activity to see whether policy changes are needed to cope with the current level of program trading , said UNKNOWN utsumi , vice minister for international finance . 
program trading has taken off in japan since last year 's introduction of UNKNOWN stock-index futures trading on the tokyo and UNKNOWN stock exchanges . 
but regulators are wary . 
they have n't forgotten the leap in share prices last dec. 9 , when the first UNKNOWN of UNKNOWN index arbitrage drove stocks UNKNOWN in the last half-hour of trading , startling regulators who thought they had written enough rules to prevent such a swing . 
japan 's finance ministry had set up UNKNOWN to limit how far futures prices could fall in a single session and to give market operators the authority to suspend trading in futures at any time . 
`` maybe it was n't enough , '' a finance ministry official noted after the dec. 9 surge . 
japan 's regulators have since UNKNOWN controls on UNKNOWN stock purchases . 
tokyo 's leading program traders are the big u.s. securities houses , though the japanese are playing UNKNOWN . 
some u.s. firms , notably salomon inc. and morgan stanley group inc. , have UNKNOWN a hefty chunk of their japanese earnings from index arbitrage , both for customers and for their own accounts . 
( morgan stanley last week joined a growing list of u.s. securities firms that have stopped doing index arbitrage for their own accounts . ) 
both UNKNOWN c. UNKNOWN , who heads salomon in tokyo , and john s. UNKNOWN , who heads morgan stanley there , UNKNOWN a good part of their firms ' success in tokyo to their ability to offer sophisticated , futures-related investment strategies to big institutional clients . 
they do n't have plans to cut back . 
`` it has not been UNKNOWN in the markets here , '' mr. UNKNOWN said . 
`` the real difference seems to be that the cash market here ... is big enough and liquid enough that the futures market is n't having the same impact it does in america . '' 
the british also are UNKNOWN program trades . 
UNKNOWN trading is `` something we want to watch closely , '' an official at london 's stock exchange said . 
`` we do n't think there is cause for concern at the moment . '' 
london serves increasingly as a UNKNOWN for program trading of u.s. stocks . 
market professionals said london has several UNKNOWN . 
first , the trading is done over the counter and is n't reported on either the u.s. or london stock trading UNKNOWN . 
second , it can be used to UNKNOWN positions before u.s. trading begins , but at prices pegged to the previous session 's big board close . 
in addition to the extra privacy of these trades , the transactions can often be less expensive to execute , because the parties do n't have to pay a floor brokerage fee or a specialist 's fee . 
still , `` much less { UNKNOWN activity } is done over here than in the u.s. '' said richard UNKNOWN , chief investment manager at standard life assurance co. , which manages about # 99 billion ( $ 99.99 billion ) in united kingdom institutional funds . 
britain has two main UNKNOWN instruments . 
a financial times-stock exchange 999-share index option contract is traded on the london stock exchange 's traded options market . 
and an ft-se futures contract is traded on the london international financial futures exchange . 
both contracts have gained a following since the 9999 global market crash . 
the average number of ft-se option contracts traded on the london exchange has surged nearly tenfold since the contract 's launch in 9999 . 
this year , the average of daily contracts traded totaled 9,999 , up from 9,999 a year earlier and from 999 in 9999 . 
but a survey early this summer indicated that the volume of UNKNOWN trading was only 99 % of the size of the underlying equity market , exchange officials said . 
this compares with estimates that the u.s. `` UNKNOWN '' market is perhaps four times as large as the underlying domestic market . 
the house voted to boost the federal minimum wage for the first time since early 9999 , casting a solid 999-99 vote for a compromise measure backed by president bush . 
the vote came after a debate UNKNOWN with complaints from both proponents and critics of a substantial increase in the wage floor . 
advocates said the UNKNOWN rise , to $ 9.99 an hour by april 9999 , is too small for the working poor , while opponents argued that the increase will still hurt small business and cost many thousands of jobs . 
but the legislation reflected a compromise agreed to on tuesday by president bush and democratic leaders in congress , after congressional republicans urged the white house to UNKNOWN a bit from its previous resistance to compromise . 
so both sides accepted the compromise , which would lead to the first UNKNOWN of the minimum wage since a four-year law was enacted in 9999 , raising the wage to $ 9.99 an hour from $ 9.99 . 
under the measure passed yesterday , the minimum wage would rise to $ 9.99 next april . 
the senate plans to take up the measure quickly and is expected to pass it . 
`` there are no UNKNOWN about this bill , '' rep. UNKNOWN williams ( d. , UNKNOWN . ) said during house floor debate yesterday . 
but `` because it 's all we 've got , i 'm going to vote for it . '' 
while the minimum wage had traditionally been pegged at half the average u.s. manufacturing wage , the level of $ 9.99 an hour in 9999 will still be less than 99 % of average factory pay , mr. williams said . 
but rep. UNKNOWN UNKNOWN ( r. , n.j . ) instead praised the house 's acceptance of a new youth `` training '' wage , a UNKNOWN that gop UNKNOWN have sought for many years . 
adopting a UNKNOWN policy means `` getting beyond the nickel and UNKNOWN of the minimum wage , '' mrs. UNKNOWN said . 
policy makers regard the youth wage as helping to limit the loss of jobs from an increase in the minimum wage , but they have lately UNKNOWN it as necessary to help UNKNOWN job skills to UNKNOWN into the work force . 
labor unions and democrats long fought the idea , but recently UNKNOWN to it in the face of bush administration insistence . 
the compromise sets the training wage at $ 9.99 an hour next april , and at $ 9.99 an hour , or 99 % of the minimum wage , in april 9999 . 
employers can pay the UNKNOWN for 99 days , without UNKNOWN , to workers with less than six months of job experience , and for another 99 days if the company uses a UNKNOWN training program for the young workers . 
the training wage covers only workers who are 99 to 99 years old . 
the white house previously insisted on an UNKNOWN six-month training wage that could be paid any time a worker of any age took a new job . 
the u.s. chamber of commerce , still opposed to any UNKNOWN increase , said the compromise plan to lift the wage floor 99 % in two stages between april 9999 and april 9999 `` will be impossible for many employers to accommodate and will result in the elimination of jobs for american workers and higher prices for american consumers . 
zenith data systems corp. , a subsidiary of zenith electronics corp. , received a $ 999 million navy contract for software and services of UNKNOWN over an 99-month period . 
rockwell international corp. won a $ 999.9 million air force contract for UNKNOWN UNKNOWN replacement aircraft . 
martin UNKNOWN corp. was given a $ 99.9 million air force contract for UNKNOWN navigation and targeting equipment . 
federal data corp. got a $ 99.9 million air force contract for intelligence data handling . 
